Adventure is calling.Get hooked on the new bold and savory Pacific Chili Shrimp: www.pandaexpress.com/orders #WokWednesdayThe light at the end of the dugout. #BaseballSeasonShare good fortune with the world around you. #EarthDayRaise a glass to the ice cold hero.Dinnertime blues? Add a little green to your day.Happiness served to-go. #HumansofPandaWhen you can’t decide between Teriyaki and Kung Pao. Go for gold.Ready, set, go: the weekend is almost here.The beauty’s in the details.Fulfill that Pacific Chili Shrimp craving right now. Order through our mobile app here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/panda-express-chinese-kitchen/id903990394?mt=8It’s all fun and games until your fortune cookie’s empty. #AprilFoolsDinner is served.Psst...We have a #secretmenu in #Rosemead. Welcome to our Chinese Kitchen.Take a crack at sharing good fortune today.This is where your favorite dishes are born. Every day, every location: https://www.pandaexpress.com/wokWhere bold flavors and simple ingredients come together in perfect harmony: Pacific Chili Shrimp. 

Learn more: https://www.pandaexpress.com/pcsA little extra sauce with a side of friendliness goes a long way.A little something for everyone.Pack your bags and your good fortune too. #FortuneFridaySay hello to the wok – the MVP of American Chinese cooking.The family that eats together, sticks together.When your team is as incredible as ours #EmployeeAppreciationDay is everyday.Hot from the wok, it’s Pacific Chili Shrimp. Get it before it’s gone. https://www.pandaexpress.com/pcsThe early bird gets the breakfast burrito.Home is where the feast is.Some things are not meant to be contained.A #LoveStory that could only begin at Panda. Happy #ValentinesDay!#OrangeChickenLove to the power of three.The celebration continues! Learn more at CelebrateCNY.comHappy Chinese New Year from our family to yours! Ring in the Year of the Monkey with a complimentary Egg Roll. Download coupon here: http://bit.ly/1nu8v6C #CelebrateCNYJoin us tomorrow to celebrate Chinese New Year! Download your coupon for a free “Gold Bar” here: http://bit.ly/1nu8v6C #CelebrateCNYCancel all your plans tonight, Fresh Off the Boat is airing a special episode celebrating Chinese New Year and we’re live tweeting starting at 5pm PST. 

Let’s #CelebrateCNY together: https://twitter.com/PandaExpressRing in the Year of the Monkey on February 8 with a complimentary “Gold Bar.” Download coupon here: http://bit.ly/1nu8v6C #CelebrateCNYTime to spice things up. Enter: Firecracker Chicken Breast.We have a very egg-citing announcement.Save the date: We’ll be gifting red envelopes in stores in honor of Chinese New Year on February 8. In the meantime, send a virtual red envelope: http://bit.ly/1TSmL39 #CelebrateCNYOur Wok Smart dishes have 300 calories or less, making it easy for you to stick to your resolution.  Cheers to that!Learn how the Chinese Zodiac came to be. Then, discover your Chinese zodiac sign: http://bit.ly/1Kba1PRGood fortune is best shared. Send your loved ones a red envelope at http://www.celebratecny.com/share-a-red-envelope #CelebrateCNYWho doesn’t love a 15 day celebration? Join us as we celebrate Chinese New Year at CelebrateCNY.com.Firecracker Chicken Breast is BACK! Who’s fired up?Introducing the Celebration Plate. There’s a story behind every dish: http://bit.ly/1S4KlvOIt's the most wonderful time of the year. Let's celebrate Chinese New Year together: http://www.celebratecny.com/Just what this Monday called for. #OrangeChickenLoveHappy 2016 from our Panda family to yours.Happy New Year! Clink!We’re on a mission to #sharejoy this holiday season. See what we've been up to: bit.ly/1IHiJK6 #JoytotheWokA delicious meal at your fingertips. 
Order through the Panda Express app today.Kung Fu Panda meets Panda Express. Move fast to buy your tickets at amctheatres.com, because for every ticket you purchase from Dec. 24 to Jan. 3, you get a free chicken egg roll from pandaexpress.com (up to five).Happy Holidays from our Panda family to yours.We'll tell you where to find Panda: http://bit.ly/1m6RSNVSet the time and place, we’ll do the rest. http://bit.ly/1N9YuUmWhen your sweet and sour sauce is extra sweet.Smiles and laughter filled the halls of the Panda Support Center when we welcomed more than 400 students from Encinita Elementary School to the annual Leader in Me holiday celebration. #PandaCaresHoney Sesame Chicken Breast, you’re pretty sweet.That moment when you take the first bite of Kung Pao Chicken.Your day is about to get even better starting…now. #FortuneCookieWisdomA simple way to share joy this holiday season. http://bit.ly/1Rkujg5Time to dig in.Pawsibly the cutest turkey ever. Happy Thanksgiving!All-white meat with a touch of sweet. Welcome back, honey. Order online now: http://bit.ly/1NElDvR#TBT – Family owned from the start! See the rest of the story unfold : http://www.pandaexpress.com/OurFamilyStoryWe <3 bowl'd flavors.We’ve all done it. #GetTheLastDropHoney Sesame Chicken Breast is back for a limited time: https://www.pandaexpress.com/menu/entrees/honey-sesame-chickenIt’s the return of something sweet…Honey Sesame Chicken Breast is back! Order online now: http://bit.ly/1NElDvRGet your favorites in a snap with online ordering: http://bit.ly/1NElDvRDrizzle to taste.Wishing you all a hauntingly delicious Halloween. #OrangeChickenLoveHere's wishing The Original Orange Chicken a very happy birthday. #28yearsyoungWho would you give the gift of Orange Chicken to? 
Tag that special someone below and we’ll randomly choose one person each day this week to win a $25 gift card or an item from our Orange Chicken Love Swag Shop.All heart, all soul, all hands on deck. A day in the life of Panda Express.Surf and turf, Panda style.The OC Swag Shop: where #OrangeChickenLove dreams come true. Shop now: http://bit.ly/1N9X36SYou + Orange Chicken = ___________.
Leave a comment below and we’ll randomly choose 1 person each day this week to win a $25 gift card or official Orange Chicken Love Swag. Good luck.Build your plate and tally the calories with PandaExpress.com’s NEW Nutrition Calculator: http://bit.ly/1R7uMzBFill in the blank: Orange you glad _______?
Leave a comment below and we’ll randomly choose 1 person each day this week to win a $25 gift card or official Orange Chicken Love Swag. Good luck.Introducing the new PandaExpress.com! Let us know your thoughts about the new site in the comments.Can you feel the #OrangeChickenLove? We can! Thank you for sharing all that’s crispy, sweet and a joy to eat: http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bTote-ally obsessed with our new #OrangeChickenLove accessories. http://bit.ly/1N9X36SShare your #OrangeChickenLove on Twitter and Instagram for a chance to win a $25 gift card or official #OrangeChickenLove swag! Winners will be chosen at random all month long. You're welcome.What love song would you dedicate to Orange Chicken?

Comment below and we’ll randomly choose one person each day this week to win a $25 gift card or items from our Orange Chicken Love Swag Shop. Good luck! #OrangeChickenLoveWhen Chef Andy Kao gets behind the stove…fireworks! #OrangeChickenLoveAnother record-breaking Panda Cares Golf Tournament is in the books! Together with our partners, we raised over $1.5 million dollars for The Leader in Me program, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, City of Hope and Methodist Hospital of Southern California. Now, that's a hole-in-one!Thank you for the #OrangeChickenLove, NYC! Don’t worry, this is not goodbye. It’s see you later! #Manhattan #TheBronxIntroducing the OC Stunner Sunnies. Shop now: http://bit.ly/1N9X36SDo you feel the #OrangeChickenLove? Visit us this Sunday at Columbus Circle from 11 a.m.- 4 p.m. for free Orange Chicken, games and much more! Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XIf only this photo was scratch-n-sniff. #SoGoodThanks for the hospitality, Orlando and D.C.! We're heading to the Big Apple for the last stop on the #OrangeChickenLove Truck Tour. Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XDeal with it.The #OrangeChickenLove Truck is rolling into Georgetown this Sunday from 1-5 p.m. Say you’ll join us for free food, swag and fun? Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XAre you ready for some Orange Chicken Love, Orlando? Join us this Thursday at Lake Eola Park from 11am-2pm for everything Orange Chicken! Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XMom and Dad, you’re awesome. #WorkingParentsDay #SweetSurpriseAustin, it’s been real. We’re bringing #OrangeChickenLove to Orlando next! Details here: http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bAll we need is #OrangeChickenLove.  Thank you to all of our fans across the country! Keep on sharing your #OrangeChickenLove. http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bSo, this just happened.Did someone say, “free Orange Chicken?” You’re invited to the #OrangeChickenLove tailgate this Saturday from 2-6pm! Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XThanks for the love, Chicago! Off to Austin, TX we go! #OrangeChickenLoveTour http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XCan’t get enough of this #OrangeChickenLove. See why: http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bNext stop on the #OrangeChickenLove Truck Tour is Chicago! Join us this Saturday from Noon-10pm at the North Coast Music Festival. We hope to see you there! Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XBecause #OrangeChickenLove is a lifestyle. Shop now: http://bit.ly/1N9X36SThank you for the #OrangeChickenLove, Denver! We're heading to The Windy City next.Making back to school better, one lunch pail at a time.Hello, Denver! Tailgate with the Orange Chicken Love Truck this Saturday before the game. We’ll be sharing plenty of Orange Chicken and one-of-a-kind swag. Be there! http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XThanks for hanging out with us, Vegas! We definitely felt the #OrangeChickenLove. Denver, you're up next. Let's see what you got!Hundreds of Orange Chicken fans gathered in Los Angeles’ historic Chinatown as we kicked-off the Orange Chicken Love Truck Tour last Saturday night. Crowds were treated to #OrangeChickenLove everything—photo booth, swag, lounge and even a Chefs Challenge.

Congrats to the Challenge winner, Royce Burke of Chimney Coffee House, who created “Orange Chicken Naam Thok”! Thank you, L.A.  We <3 you!Las Vegas! Join the Orange Chicken Love Truck tomorrow from 11 am-2 pm at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas Courtyard for free Orange Chicken, Orange Chicken swag giveaways and even an Orange Chicken lounge! Come early for Orange Chicken and Waffles. Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XFor Orange Chicken lovers only. http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bHello, L.A.! Join us this Saturday from 6-11pm for the #OrangeChickenLove Truck Tour! Enjoy Orange Chicken, score one-of-a-kind swag and compete for the title of #1 Orange Chicken Fan. Details here: http://bit.ly/1UnEU9XDid someone say, "Free Orange Chicken?" You’re invited to the ultimate #OrangeChickenLove experience! Gather your friends and family and join us as the Orange Chicken Love Truck rolls into town. See where we’re headed: http://bit.ly/1P4vtbOIt’s Panda time.Sharing is caring (especially when there is food on the table).Show the world your #OrangeChickenLove. Visit our Swag Shop today. http://bit.ly/1N9X36SThe moment of anticipation.Orange Chicken is out-of-this-world good. http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bOrange Chicken Love. It’s real and it’s here. http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bPanda Express: Home of the Original Orange Chicken. Our famously delicious dish was created by Chef Andy Kao in 1987. Feed your #OrangeChickenLove: http://bit.ly/1JKxB9bLet’s speed up this game. Panda’s waiting.We're so inspired by the athletes who participated in the 2015 Special Olympics World Games. We had a great time cheering you on! #ProudPartner #ReachUpLASmart move.Beach necessities.With the press of a button, your Panda feast will be ready upon arrival.Nom nom.Happy National Fortune Cookie Day!Where is your Panda oasis?Wish you were here.We invite you to Wok Smart™ this summer. With 300 calories or less and 8 or more grams of protein, our health-minded selections are as smart as they are delicious. Just look for the Wok Smart™ icon: http://bit.ly/1M84I8lEat right. Play right. Wok Smart dishes contain less than 300 calories and at least 8g of protein.Going…going…almost gone. Try our Chinese Spare Ribs before they disappear!Dishing out something delicious.Happy Fourth of July to all!Panda by the pool. Life is good.Double Chinese Spare Ribs, please.Enjoy the little things.Sweet summertime.We put our Chinese Spare Ribs to the test in a place famous for its BBQ: Kansas City. Judging by the empty plates and smiles, we think it went pretty well. What do you love about our Chinese Spare Ribs?Wishing all the Panda-loving dads a very happy Father’s Day!Duck, Duck, Goose…Panda style!Give Dad a gift you know he’ll love: https://pandaexpress.com/GiftCards/OrderSpicy or Sweet: How do you like your BBQ sauce? Let us know in the comments for a chance to win a $20 gift card. Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST. http://bit.ly/1Ettrhn

Update: Congrats, Jerry Hendersen! You're the winner of a $20 gift card. Thank you everyone for participating!Orange chicken, anyone?Are you hungry yet? Order Chinese Spare Ribs now. http://bit.ly/1NElDvRIn honor of Family Day, our founders Andrew & Peggy Cherng delighted guests at our Rosemead store! Thank you to everyone who made our first Family Day a tremendous success. Together we helped feed 10 million people. #family2familyPanda Express Family Day is here! When you dine with us today, each plate purchased helps provide 12 meals to your local food bank. Join us at your local Panda and together we can feed millions. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1exuDIOHowdy! nǐ hǎo! Say hello to American and Chinese BBQ.#FortuneFriday: A great day lies ahead in the not too distant futureA Wok Smart favorite. String Bean Chicken Breast has 190 calories and 14 grams of protein.Please join our founders, Andrew and Peggy Cherng, and the entire Panda Family, as we come together to help  solve hunger for Panda Express Family Day. Each plate purchased at any Panda location on June 8 helps provide 12 meals to Americans struggling with hunger.  For more information:http://bit.ly/1exuDIO.It’s a good day to enjoy your Panda favorite outdoors.Save the date! You are invited to our first Panda Express Family Day on June 8. Please join our founders, Andrew and Peggy Cherng, and the entire Panda Family, as we come together to help solve hunger. We hope to see you there! Learn more: http://bit.ly/1exuDIOPlease join our founders, Andrew and Peggy Cherng, and the entire Panda Family, as we come together to help solve hunger on Family Day. Each plate purchased on June 8 helps provide 12 meals to people in need. For more information: http://bit.ly/1exuDIO.Your happy place.What’s the perfect side dish to go with our Chinese Spare Ribs? Tell us in the comments below and you’ll be entered to win a $20 gift card from Panda Express. Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 am PST.

Update: Christopher Hughes is the winner of the $20 gift card. Thank you everyone for participating!Good anytime. Anywhere.Cheers!True or False: Our Chinese Spare Ribs are made with premium Saint Louis-cut pork ribs. Tell us your answer in the comments below to be entered to win a $20 gift card to Panda Express. Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 am PST.

UPDATE: Congrats to Sandy Alick, the winner of a $20 gift card! Thank you everyone for participating!Happy Mother’s Day! Hoping it’s filled with love, laughter and delightful surprises.Good fortune is meant to be shared - from simple smiles, to acts of great generosity. Big or small, young or old we can all make a difference every day. #GoodFortune https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jbyuvqc40ksCan you name one of the key ingredients of our Chinese Spare Ribs? Answer in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST. Psst! See here for a hint: http://bit.ly/1Ettrhn

UPDATE: Congrats to Michelle DiFlorio Coles, the winner of a $10 gift card. Thank you for participating!Off to the races.Showing up with the best surprise.Perfection can’t be rushed. We slow-cook our ribs for five tenderizing hours. #PandaBBQJust when you thought you couldn't love Orange Chicken any more...http://r29.co/1J55tup 
Thanks for the mention Refinery29! Clink!Never too busy for a Panda break.What traditional Chinese dish inspired our new ribs? Hint: check out http://bit.ly/1Ettrhn for the answer! Answer in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST.

Update: If you guessed Char Siu, you're correct! Congrats to Alan Neil Akin, the winner of a $10 gift card. Thanks everyone for participating!Thank you Los Angeles Magazine for your profile on our family-owned story. Learn more about "The Tao of Panda": http://www.lamag.com/longform/tao-panda/Stuck inside for lunch? Panda to the rescue.Panda in the park makes for a perfect Spring day.When is National BBQ Month? Tell us in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST. #PandaBBQ http://bit.ly/1Ettrhn

Update: If you guessed May, you're correct! Congrats to Rebecca Pierson, the winner of a $10 gift card. Thanks everyone for participating!To get our newest dish to you, we followed the signs…#PandaBBQ http://bit.ly/1EttrhnWheel of good fortune.How many hours do we slow-cook our ribs before they’re wok-fired? Tell us in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST.

Update: If you guessed 5 hours, you're correct! Congrats to Edward Meese, the winner of a $10 gift card. Thanks everyone for participating!The gang’s all here.Chinese Spare Ribs took us around the world and back to get the perfect blend of classic American and bold Chinese barbecues.  Watch the video:  http://bit.ly/1IsFAUBWe select the best. Our Chinese Spare Ribs are premium St. Louis cut pork ribs. #PandaBBQ http://bit.ly/1EttrhnDid you know we offer steamed brown rice? Give it a try today! #SampleWholeGrains http://bit.ly/1aNAg3IAlways delish.Nice to meat you. #ChineseSpareRibs http://bit.ly/1EttrhnWhat is the premium cut of pork we use for our Chinese Spare Ribs? #PandaBBQ http://bit.ly/1Ettrhn

Tell us in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST.

Update: If you guessed St. Louis cut, you're correct! Congrats to Aleisha Woodson, the winner of a $10 gift card. Thanks everyone for participating!Thanks Los Angeles Magazine for sharing your four greatest combos from our Innovation Kitchen. Which is your favorite?

http://www.lamag.com/digestblog/the-four-most-insane-combos-at-panda-express-innovation-kitchen/It's time to blend the bold flavors of Chinese and American barbecues. #ChineseSpareRibs #PandaBBQ bit.ly/1EttrhnShare joy today and every day! How will you spread happiness? #InternationalDayOfHappinessIntroducing Chinese Spare Ribs. A classically American, bold flavor fusion that's only available for a limited time. http://pandaexpress.com/LTO/ChineseSpareRibsNew! Classically American. Boldly Chinese. These premium pork ribs are slow-cooked for five hours, then wok-fired in a mouthwatering Chinese BBQ sauce. #ChineseSpareRibs http://bit.ly/1EttrhnWe’re all a little Irish today. #StPattysDayPanda madness. #SelectionSunday http://bit.ly/1GkVx1IWhat’s your Panda love song? Tell us in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random  tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST.

Update: Congrats to Lydia Penn - the winner of the $10 gift card! Thanks everyone for sharing!Create a happy work environment. #OnlineOrdering bit.ly/1ysttVmShare the celebration. #firecrackerchickenbreast http://bit.ly/1BSYyVMWhat’s your favorite dish? Tell us in the comments for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Winner will be selected at random tomorrow at 10:00 AM CST.

Update: Congrats to the winner, Michele Folk-Hernandez!Panda for dinner = one happy mom. http://bit.ly/1GkVx1IAlmost too good to eat, just almost.Hey there good lookin’Craving Panda every day that ends in Y.United we order. Divided we pay. #GroupOrderingMadeEasy bit.ly/1ysttVmAdd a little zing to your #CNY. http://bit.ly/1JnEFVcDid you know? Chinese New Year celebrations last 15 days. #PartyOn #PandaCNY bit.ly/1JnEFVcDo you sea what we sea? #HoneyWalnutShrimp #YumThank you Food is the New Rock for crafting this awesome Chinese New Year combo to celebrate with us!Happy Chinese New Year! Time to celebrate. #PandaCNY #CNY bit.ly/1JnEFVcFree. Gold. Bar. #Tomorrow #PandaCNY #BeThere bit.ly/1utTmomCelebrate Chinese New Year with us on Feb. 19 and enjoy a free gold bar (aka chicken egg roll). #YearOfTheRam #PandaCNY http://bit.ly/1ySyz9cChinese New Year is a time for sharing good fortune and great food. Celebrate #PandaCNY by sharing a red envelope today. http://bit.ly/1yyReq5An explosion of flavor…#firecrackerchickenbreastCelebrate Chinese New Year with a Free Gold Bar*. Offer valid on Thursday, Feb 19 onlyFortune cookies make great table decorations for a Chinese New Year party. #PandaCNY #CNY #Decor http://bit.ly/1JnEFVc#PandaCNY to-do list:

1) Create a red envelope.
2) Send to someone special. 
3) Enjoy a tasty free chicken egg roll with family & friends.

http://bit.ly/1yyReq5#DIY paper firecrackers are a fun Chinese New Year craft. #PandaCNY #CNY #PinterestProject http://bit.ly/1CdvdDhMore cookies = more good fortunes. #ThingsAreLookingUpWe're stuck on you like Orange Chicken on rice.Send your favorites a red envelope and they'll get a tasty gift from Panda Express. http://bit.ly/1yyReq5Putting out the Panda signal. 🐼 bit.ly/1ysttVmWho's fired up about Firecracker Chicken Breast? #ThisGuy http://bit.ly/1JnEFVcOne, two, three. Break. 
http://bit.ly/1ysttVmHave you picked sides yet?Share a little love this Chinese New Year. Send your favorite people a red envelope filled with a tasty gift from Panda Express. http://bit.ly/1yyReq5Celebrate Chinese New Year. Ignite a new tradition with Firecracker Chicken Breast. http://bit.ly/1K5pAI1Add spark to your appetite when you order Firecracker Chicken Breast online or through our app. http://bit.ly/1vciEmiOur Pin-spirations will bring Chinese New Year to life in your home. Check 'em out. http://bit.ly/1CdvdDhGood in any weather.Share the love.Does your zodiac align with the Year of the Ram? Find out with our Chinese Zodiac matching game. http://bit.ly/14XanfeIt's been a while since you've seen me. But, I'm back and brighter than ever. #firecrackerchickenbreastIf you bring it…they will come.Unlock the secrets of the Chinese Zodiac with our matching game. What's your sign? #PandaCNY #CNY http://bit.ly/14XanfeSizzle. Pop. Bang! Look who’s back.Back for a limited time, Firecracker Chicken Breast is the best way to start Chinese New Year with a bang.  Learn more: http://www.pandaexpress.com/LTO/FirecrackerChickenIn honor of Poetry Day, here's a haiku: 
Tender chicken bites
wok-tossed in a magic sauce
chicken of your dreams

Let's hear yours!Hot off the wok.There are 10 or more tasty ways to wok it out. Order a WokSmart meal today: http://bit.ly/1CDh8hdWhat do you love most about your local Panda Express?How well does your food describe you? Take our quiz and find out. http://bit.ly/1tDuGDTResolutions never tasted so good. Order String Bean Chicken Breast from our WokSmart menu today.Busy day? We've got lunch covered.Happy 2015! In honor of the New Year and Throwback Thursday… Back in 2002, we chartered a float at the 113th Tournament of Roses Parade! Ah, memories.Only 3 days left to try Orange Chicken with Bacon. Get it before it's gone!This honey is beary squeezable.Are you sweet like Honey Sesame ChIcken Breast or bold like Kung Pao Chicken? Find out when you take the quiz:  http://bit.ly/1yB7qbgNow that Winter's officially here... Warm up with a cup of our made-from-scratch Hot and Sour soup!Try online ordering and receive a FREE entree item with any purchase!  Start your order here: pandaexpress.com/ordersPop Quiz, Panda Fans! Good luck! 
Congratulations to Becca Owen as the winner of our Pop Quiz today!Find out which Panda dish suites your personality. Take the quiz: http://bit.ly/1yB7qbgFeeling crafty? Save your fave fortunes inside this adorable paper fortune cookie. It also makes a cute lil gift!How sweet it is to be loved by you.Pop Quiz, Panda Fans! Good luck! 
Congratulations to Trevor Ballinger as the winner of our Pop Quiz.Cozy up with the heartwarming flavors of Orange Chicken with Bacon.Order your favorites faster with the brand new Panda Express App! Download today via Google Play or the Apple App Store. pandaexpress.com/LTO/AppBeijing Beef: crispy strips of marinated beef, bell peppers and sliced onions, wok-tossed in a tangy sweet and spicy sauce.Fortune cookies aren't just for dessert! Chopstick rest, anyone?Sadly, her husband was stabbed and is in critical condition. The intruder died at the scene.Blaze is fired up. Drew is fired up. We're fired up. Are you?
Go Blazers!
Blazers/Clippers preview: http://on.kgw.com/1VXlBbnRingling Bros. will livestream the final performance on their Faceobook page at 4:45 p.m. PDT Sunday. The link is in the story.Meet Omar. He was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in October 2014, at 2 years old. After enduring chemotherapy, radiation, and a bone marrow transplant, his family was told last week he only has about 1 month to live. 
He turns 4 this week and we want to flood him with birthday cards.  If you would like to show your support, please send your cards to: KGW, 1501 SW Jefferson St. Portland, OR 97201.  
Omar LOVES dinosaurs and Thomas the Tank Engine.Join us for a live web chat today at noon for tips on how to stand out in today’s job market.  Experts from Express Employment Professionals will be available to answer your questions!  Go to www.kgwgetahead.com to participate.More options for bikes on MAX and buses. Good idea?Happy young men.A very strange story from our sister station KENS5 in San Antonio.David Charlton had a federal parole violation warrant for a 1999 bank robbery.Watch: A father had to hold his 6-year-old son during a roller coaster ride after the boy's seat belt broke.If Roger Goodell getting booed was a drinking game, we would all have huge hangovers.Update: Police announced about 11:30 a.m. that the pedestrian has died. The pedestrian, who was not in a crosswalk, was struck about 4 a.m. at NE Sandy Boulevard and 238th Drive.Rain returns today. Have a great Friday.Drake is out with a new album. Have a favorite song?Former Ducks are reuniting in San Francisco. Chip Kelly takes DeForest Buckner in the first round.“It will be great to have as many Oregonians as possible.”What a cool find!As seen on More Good Day Oregon: Buy and sell plus-size clothes, shoes and accessories at this four-day sale this weekend.Eugene police say there are still questions about Earl's long term care and prognosis due to his diagnosis of a traumatic brain injury.The producer of American Idol, once the most-watched show on TV, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.UPDATE: One of the passengers in the car at the center of a lawsuit involving Snapchat says the suit is all a lie and nobody in the car was using the app.An Oklahoma prosecutor is trying to change state law after a court ruled that forcible sodomy isn't illegal if the victim is intoxicated or unconscious.Police say a wanted felon involved in a shootout with officers in Gresham Wednesday night remains in the hospital.Andy Carson has an update on snow in the mountains and summer-like weather on the way in the valleys!"They are spoiled with a lot of caring and love. That way when they get to a family they are more people-oriented and they can get along a lot easier than they would normally."Go Portland Trail Blazers! #RipCityHappy #ArborDay! 🌲 Without looking it up, can you name the official state tree of Oregon or Washington?A Multnomah County Sheriff's deputy hit a man with his patrol car on NE Sandy Blvd. in Wood Village early this morning.You’ve been telling us how rising rent and home prices are affecting you, and that’s why we want to help! FOX 12 will pay one person's rent or mortgage for an entire year, up to $24,000.  Your chance to win starts Monday!It will get a little wet today. We will see some rain arrive this morning and most of the afternoon. Things should start to dry out by later tonight. Temperatures will be in the high 50's. Look for a beautiful  weekend with temps in the 70's on Saturday and 80's on Sunday.John Roos, 61, was charged with threatening the President of the United States and use of an interstate facility to transmit threats.Eight businesses are on the list for approval, including a Hillsboro-based grow operation currently growing marijuana for medical use."If they really knew what all that metal went for, would they still take it? Like, this could be feeding some of their parents for all they know."A Washington teen is suspected of contracting the Zika virus while traveling abroad. Getting tested involves a lot of anxious waiting.Is this a good idea?

One community in Wisconsin is punishing not just the kids who behave badly but also their parents.After learning to sing, read music and play the recorder all year, thousands of local kids performed alongside the Oregon Symphony today!The collision occurred near NE Burnside Road at NE Cleveland Avenue. Police say the boy suffered a serious head injury and was not wearing a helmet at the time.She's helping the community see a little brighter.Georgia animal control rescued 38 cats that were living in a minivan."It was my pleasure to give my best cheese face for the boys in blue," the firefighter with the thumbs up wrote on Facebook.Portland drug K-9 Lola assisted in a major bust that led to 14 kilograms of cocaine worth $1.5 million being seized by police.Justin Carnes (pictured, left) was captured at about 2:30 p.m. with the help of a Salem Police K-9 team, and William McGinnis was caught a few hours later after someone recognized his neck tattoo.2016 NFL DRAFT: University of Oregon Ducks defensive end DeForest Buckner goes to the San Francisco 49ers and former Ducks coach Chip Kelly, 7th pick overall. http://bit.ly/1TznHdGDeputies say a man who stole a safe from a preschool was caught trying to crack it in plain sight -- right near the Clackamas County Justice Court.Insurance experts say they expect a "significant market correction" over the next year with premiums increasing.Getting regular chicken wings when you wanted boneless is bad, but maybe not "pull a gun out in a crowded restaurant" bad."Being from Milwaukee, it's usually Miller for us, but I guess whenever you can grab a cold one, you do."Up and at 'em! Four black bears at the Oregon Zoo have woken up from their months-long nap.It's no #ExplodingWhale, but it's still a messy job.The director of licensing and regulatory oversight at the Oregon Department of Human Services is stepping down amid criticism over how the agency manages foster care providers.Yikes! A cautionary tale in booking online. But Kimberly Maus, FOX 12 Oregon is a "glass half-full" type of anchor.People are lining up in NW Portland to attend a town hall meeting with GOP presidential hopeful John Kasich.
WATCH LIVE: http://kptv.tv/KPTV2A Battle Ground man has been arrested on child molestation charges and the license of an unnamed daycare he is connected to has been suspended.The owner of The Oakland Raiders wants to move the team to #LasVegas and he's willing to spend half a billion dollars to do it.A large crowd is gathered in Springfield to hear Bernie Sanders speak this afternoon.
WATCH LIVE: kptv.tv/KPTV2A developing story in Baltimore, where a man claiming to have a bomb walked into a local TV station.We'll stream the Bernie Sanders rally live at kptv.com starting at approximately noon.
WATCH: http://kptv.tv/KPTV2More reason to drink coffee every morning!Federal prosecutors say three people connected to the San Bernardino terror attack have been arrested on marriage fraud conspiracy charges.Authorities say it will still be several weeks before they get all the relevant autopsy and toxicology results back.The Oregon Zoo is looking for a few good volunteers to help locate and map pika populations in Oregon."I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a b**** in my life." - John Boehner, referring to presidential hopeful Ted Cruz.Snapchat is facing a lawsuit claiming its speed filter feature encourages dangerous driving because people may be tempted to drive fast to post a high number on the app.A group of grocery stores that was pushing for the privatization of liquor sales in Oregon has decided to abandon its ballot proposal for the time being."As we were going down, it threw him into the bottom of the cart and that's when you see me reach over to grab him and honestly when all of that started to happen, I didn't even realize I was video-ing it anymore," the dad said.Andy Carson is making us hungry this morning...Portland International Airport now has two rooms designed specifically with traveling moms in mind.Police say a Fairview officer and a suspect were both injured when they exchanged gunfire late last night in Gresham.Happy Thursday! We are looking at a pretty quiet day with mostly cloudy skies and highs in the low 60's. Wet weather will return tomorrow morning and stick around through the day. Look for a warm weekend ahead.Some are calling the tryout look photo "everything that's wrong with cheerleading."The eviction of sorts comes on the heels of a report by a parent Monday that a man wearing a clown mask was waving at children on their way to school.VIDEO: Martin Frey climbed to the tallest summit on each continent, then sailed the seven seas. He's the first person in the world to do both, and he's still setting goals for himself.Blazers win! They defeated the Clippers 108-98 in Game 5 and now lead the series 3-2. They could close it out on Friday in Portland at Game 6. MORE: http://bit.ly/1SBV6lJ #RipCityThe Unipiper has teamed up with the PDX Green Dragon Brew Crew to create a unique beer called "The Pickled Piper", which is made with kettle-sourced cucumbers and a variety of spices. Would you try it?9-year-old Will Baker is dominating in his favorite sport despite being unable to use his right arm.Wow! A photo from Sea-Tac Airport shows the nose of a plane that returned to Seattle after hitting a bird during takeoff.The family of crash victim Brandon Wendell said he was convicted of assault last year, but he was getting his life back on track and was happy.Cop:  "I'm a little overwhelmed.  We're not used to this many thank yous."Rather than better-behaved, compliant children, spanking often led to anti-social behavior and mental health issues in adulthood, the study revealed.Portland's own goal in the 89th minute gave the New England Revolution a 1-1 draw with the Portland Timbers.Think you don't have time for a workout? Andy Carson shows you how to get one in – and with time to spare!Police are searching for Rose Mary Skoda-Kempton, also known as Brooke Kempton, and a dog that she's accused of taking. 

Kempton may be driving a 2008 Ford F-250 with Oregon plates 305DGR. The dog, named Isis, is a 4-year-old black whippet.Jacob Bonham, 22, worked as a part-time lifeguard at the Woodburn Aquatic Center between 2012 and 2016, investigators say. The victim in this case is a minor under the age of 16."I woke up and here's this kid. He's acting like he's an exotic dancer on top of my wife."Attorney Mike Arnold says Ammon Bundy offered to plead guilty to a federal conspiracy charge if charges against the others were dropped, and the proposal was rejected a day before the last occupiers gave up.Remember the image of Ted Cruz's daughter pulling away when her dad tried to give her a kiss? Well, Carly Fiorina may have topped that.How would you react if your Lyft driver was Richard Sherman?“PSU’s research will provide the kind of real-time neighborhood-level analysis that is important for policymakers to consider as we move forward with future decisions,” City Commissioner Steve Novick said in a release.SpaceX tweeted Wednesday that they plan to put an unmanned spacecraft on Mars as soon as 2018.According to investigators, five orangutan skulls and nine other protected wildlife species, including bear claws and macaque skulls, were smuggled into Oregon between 2008 and 2015.VIDEO: A horse clipper made a successful business by thinking outside the box. Our anchors had some fun thinking what you could do with this art.Bernie Sanders will be returning to Oregon Thursday for a rally in Springfield. The event at Island Park is set to begin at 10 a.m.Commissioners approved the sign after residents who expressed their support for it vastly outnumbered those who believe the sign is a violation of church and state.Portland, Multnomah County, as well as Portland State University are talking air quality. 
WATCH LIVE: http://kptv.tv/KPTV2"These lions have endured hell on earth and now they are heading home to paradise. This is the world for which nature intended these animals for."A scary experience for two hikers in Skamania County. Deputies said the women were tired, but uninjured."This man took from my daughter something that God gave her, and that is her innocence."According to new research, infants who are fed rice cereals have much higher levels of arsenic in their bodies.Have you noticed McDonald's latest change to their McNugget recipe?Let the countdown begin: 100 days until #Rio2016!A reminder that love can appear at any age!You may want take out your blankets and popcorn and check out these Oregon drive-in's!Eighteen-year-old Aubrey Bridges had a special prom date this year, Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith!Ford Motor Company's transmission recall covers the 2011 and 2012 F-150 and the 2012 Expedition, Mustang and Lincoln Navigator.Congratulations to our 'Be the Change' recipient Sandy Getman!Big news for Nintendo fans!"We're afraid that Juice is beginning to lose himself," the staff wrote. "He needs a home, where he can be himself and regain the confidence and trust that he has lost...Please, don't let Juice cry in his kennel anymore."Can you guess where our photographer Mike is this morning?
Find out where he goes next on Good Day Oregon: http://bit.ly/1qosoYEEastbound lanes of Highway 26 between the Cornell Road and Murray Boulevard exits are expected to reopen at 6:30 a.m.Plan for light showers this morning and dry conditions this afternoon. Temperatures will be in the low 60's. Expect very similar conditions Thursday through Saturday with a few warmer temps. Sunday we will started seeing warmer and sunnier days with temps near the 80's.The tongue-in-cheek post even has a few reviews from people, including "S J.", who gave five stars and wrote, "Awesome! Best free sidewalk camping in the country."This news comes two days before Republican presidential candidate John Kasich is scheduled to make a campaign stop in Portland.VIDEO: Animal lovers are furious after this video surfaced. A dog owner "walked" her dog by driving her car next to the animal. What do you think, laziness or something much worse?Home prices in the Portland metro area went up 11.9 percent in a year, more than twice the national rate of 5.4 percent.A woman getting a new heart decided to give someone else a second chance at life, sparking what’s called a "domino transplant." It’s a rare procedure, and dozens of people came together to pull it off.The program has given more than 200 job opportunities to people after coming through drug treatment court.Now this is totally Portland! With #MothersDay around the corner, some bearded men in tutus are getting ready to surprise moms with flowers and chocolates, and it's all for a good cause.The harness, made by Terrazign, was used by British astronaut Tim Peake when he ran the London Marathon in space earlier this week.Sheriff:  "Life's tough.  Life's a lot tougher if you're stupid!"A heartbreaking story out of Georgia: A 3-year-old boy has died after accidentally shooting himself in the chest.Portland Fire & Rescue crews made their second duck rescue in the past three days – saving eight ducklings that got stuck in a storm drain.Police say two men with warrants have been arrested after a witness spotted a burglary in progress at a neighbor’s home.Investigators say Shaun Toman provided guitar lessons to the victims, got close to them and sexually abused them.Donald Trump won the primaries in Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania, and Hillary Clinton won in Maryland.When complete, the 5-story pavilion will host up to 3,000 patients, families, and caregivers.The owners of Sweet Cakes by Melissa said their constitutional rights to religious freedom, free speech and due process were violated.NASA Astronaut Jeff Williams offered a view of the Rose City Tuesday morning not often seen.Big news for the Portland Trail Blazers as they take on the L.A. Clippers Wednesday.Two inmates from the Mill Creek Correctional Facility are on the loose after walking away from separate work crews in Salem on Tuesday.In Case You Missed It on Good Day Oregon: A few new and old food trends are going to be appearing in supermarkets, and we can't wait to hear your comments on some of them. But seriously, if you HAD to, which of these would you try? Or are you excited for some of them?This may top all the “teens who lie to their parents” stories we’ve ever heard.The boy was believed to have been walking home from school when he was hit by the small school bus from the North Santiam School District.Quite a race to remember! 12-year-old LeeAdianez Rodriguez-Espada proudly finished her first half marathon in 2 hours, 43 minutes.Eugene police said Earl is in critical condition, but making improvements while under constant care.WATCH: Vietnam veterans reunited for the first time to recreate a picture they took 50-years-ago before heading to war! The picture was taken at Camp Pendleton back in 1966.A woman in California attempted to walk her dog by tying its leash to her vehicle as she drove, and another driver caught it on camera. What would your reaction be if you saw this in the Portland area?Take a look! Can you match your Good Day Oregon crew's childhood picture with their present day pooch?You're NBA coach of the year in our book, Coach Stotts! #RipCityHappy National Pretzel Day! Do you have a favorite pretzel place in Portland?Johnny Manziel faces a charge of misdemeanor assault related to family violence, which carries up to one year in jail and a $4,000 fine.There something exciting planned for tomorrow according to Andy Carson!Oregon's Office of Community Colleges and Workforce Development said it has received the warning from Intel that the company will be cutting 784 positions.The Marion County Sheriff's office said vandals broke a new 911 call box and post at the Salmon Falls Recreation Area and threw them over an embankment.Good news for pumpkin spice lovers out there! Check out Cheerios' newest limited edition flavor coming soon.Police said they have identified the man who used a taxi as a getaway car for a bank robbery in southeast Portland on April 20.This young bear caused quite the scare for people living near a California college!Ooooo, ahhh! Take a look at this beauty shot from #AIR12!Today is the day! Voter registrations or changes in Oregon must be postmarked by 11:59 p.m. this evening.The mayor's office said they think the meeting went well and they plan to type up all of their notes and eventually make them public. They also said a public discussion on the issue is also not off the table in the future.We are looking at a mild day today with partly cloudy skies and a high of 63 degrees. We may see a few showers tonight but plan for another partly cloudy day on Wednesday and Thursday with temps in the mid 60's. Temps will warm up later in the week and it looks like we may have a beautiful weekend ahead.Police say Officer Daniel Chastain was driving a City of Portland vehicle at the time of the crash, as he was in an "on-call" status while off-duty.Blazers win! They defeated the Clippers 98-84 in Game 4 to tie the series 2-2. Game 5 is Wednesday in LA. MORE: http://bit.ly/1T1aB5U #RipCity

Photo: Nick Krupke KPTVYou may know how a rainbow forms, but what about a QUADRUPLE rainbow? Mark Nelsen breaks it down, step by step.We love to share heartwarming stories, and here's one to end your day on a good note. A server in Georgia went above and beyond his job, and helped a man without hands enjoy his meal.Researchers recommend parents of children under age 6 should use traditional laundry detergent to wash clothes.The American Family Association says Target allowing transgender people to use bathrooms that don't coincide with their birth gender opens the door for sexual predators."Most people talk about their kid's grades, or a dance recital they're attending. I don't get that opportunity anymore. But what I can talk about is that my daughter saved lives."People lined up outside the courthouse hours before it opened, demanding justice for Kona the dog, who was found dead inside a stolen car earlier this month.A UPS driver in California was in the right place at the right time, and helped save a teen who became pinned under a truck.An Astoria man who died at Youngs River Falls over the weekend is being remembered as a great father and a great friend."I've personally seen people doing drugs over there and it bothers me that it's right by my daughter's playground." -- parent Myranda Barnes.Wow, what a cool sight! A viewer captured a rare quadruple rainbow in Washougal yesterday.The lawsuit alleges the city failed to inspect Southwest 1st Avenue to identify the hazardous pothole, use reasonable care to repair it or adequately warn of it.A piece of clothing worn by Katy Roe was found near the shoreline over the weekend, according to the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office.You may want to check your freezer for this recall.After complaints from the community, the school board voted to rename Robert E. Lee Elementary School in Texas. The board asked the community for ideas and so far, they say Donald J. Trump Elementary is the lead suggestion.The number of guns collected this week beat the previous record of 68 set in October 2015.“Because the nutrition and allergen information currently indicates the cookie is free from peanuts, we have decided to stop selling Chocolate Chunk Cookies in our restaurants until we can ensure the issue is resolved.”A man brought back to Oregon from Utah in 2014 to face charges for the 1989 murder of a homeless man in northeast Portland has been sentenced to life in prison.Bobby the puppy's mother was killed in a car accident when it was just two days old, so the Michigan Humane Society decided to try to pair the puppy up with a mother cat. Bobby will grow up with the kittens until it is old enough to be adopted.Police said the person driving the pickup was going 70 to 80 mph. Officers pursued the pickup until it left the roadway and crashed at Southwest Barbur Boulevard and Terwilliger Boulevard.VIDEO: What do you think of the logo for the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics? Check out the video to see what the checkered emblem represents.One part slime. One part nostalgia. One part move tie-in. One part fun. One part unknown.Stephen Curry could miss the rest of the first round of the playoffs, and likely at least four games in round two if the Golden State Warriors are able to advance.Witnesses described the incident as an intentional act, saying the driver of the pickup was yelling at the woman and repositioned the vehicle in an attempt to hit her.Uh oh, time to run to the paint store!Spring has sprung, flowers are blooming and allergy season is here. Don’t let allergies keep you from enjoying the great outdoors. If you know your triggers, you can manage your symptoms, stay active and continue doing the activities you love.

Your doctor can help you create an action plan that puts you in control. For more ways to outsmart allergy season from Kaiser Permanente Thrive: kp.org/allergies (Sponsored Content)According to Nielsen Music, in the three days following his death there were 2.3 million Prince song sales, including nearly 1 million on Thursday.An ultra-marathoner's attempt to run from Florida to Bermuda ended after the US Coast Guard had to tow him and his inflatable bubble back to land.Police arrested a car theft suspect in Woodburn Sunday morning, and now a second woman is wanted in connection with the case.An interesting end to a night shift! Officer Matias thought he was looking for two loose donkeys in Beaverton, but they were actually miniature horses that decided to go exploring."I caught a wave on my stomach, and I saw that I still had my foot, and I'm like yes!"Wofford also criticized labeling people "straight" or "gay", saying he doesn't categorize himself based on the people he loves.Since a photo of the president and Prince George was released, the famous robe has sold out! The company is now accepting pre-orders.Andy Carson shares what happens after we go off the air on GDO!A federal appeals court has ruled that New England Patriots Tom Brady must serve a four-game "Deflategate" suspension imposed by the NFL, overturning a lower judge and siding with the league in a battle with the players union."It's been 1,000 times better than I could have imagined," said Wade, who is a nominee for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society's Man of the Year award. "The communities we've gone through, it's been pretty emotional seeing everyone come out and just say hi."The Imagination Station was the target of yet another disturbance Sunday. A school shooting threat was found written on structure’s planks.Watch: A Texas man led police on a strange chase. Officers said as the chase topped 100 miles per hour, the driver started throwing meat out of the window.Like the Blazers, announcer Mark Mason is down but certainly not out, and his daughter is keeping the family streak alive in Rip City.Both mother and newborn are doing well, visitors have already been allowed to see them!Take a look at this shot we got from #Air12 this morning. Happy Monday, everyone!Would you drink Shauna Parsons' smoothie?!The Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office is searching for a suspect involved in a Happy Valley home invasion that took place Sunday afternoon.We are looking at a chilly morning with a chance of light showers. Expect a dry afternoon with a couple of sun breaks here and there. Temperatures will be around 60 degrees. Tuesday will be partly cloudy with highs in the low 60's. Look for light showers and similar temps on Wednesday.Dog tags that were found in a Portland backyard earlier this month are now back in the hands of the original owner's family.Residents in Portland's St. John’s neighborhood have experienced a rash of car burglaries and thefts in recent weeks.A hospice center in Iowa has a special feature that's bringing some happiness to people going through a difficult time: a group of newborn ducklings.Last year, the event raised $160,000 for 'little wishes' programs. This year, they were able to exceed that amount.The campaigns of Ted Cruz and John Kasich say they're collaborating to deprive front-runner Donald J. Trump the delegates needed to win the Republican nomination.Mark Burnett is at it again. The producer of The Voice, Survivor and The Apprentice has a new dating competition show coming to FOX in May.Increased membership prices at the retailer usually happen every five to six years. Its last price hike was in 2011.After learning of their teacher's cancer diagnosis, a class of students in St. Louis stepped up to help him. 

"He's shared so much joy with us, so we wanted to give some joy back."Clackamas County deputies recovered two bikes that were stolen at the Oak Grove Fred Meyer Sunday afternoon.He told the restaurant owner that he will sue if not reimbursed the $2.25 for the soup.“It allowed us to introduce this empathy piece and warm people up,” Co-President Kevin Rankin said of the music. “(People are) part of something that was very special and happy and positive. They get to sing and dance and learn about ways they can get themselves into a better situation.”Looks like Fox 12's Elizabeth Dinh ran in all types of weather today! Did you get caught in the hail? #Fox12UnstoppableAwh, congratulations Vincent!Attorney General Mike DeWine said Sunday that the slayings of eight family members in rural southern Ohio "was a pre-planned execution" and he expects the investigation will be lengthy."You don't set out to have six little girls," Lacey Dunkin said. "I'm glad that it happened. I'm so blessed."ICYMI: Archaeologists in Peru have found a 4,500 year old mummy! They believe it likely belongs to a noble woman in her 40’s. Other objects were found near the burial site, including carvings depicting jungle animals.University officials say the number of people reporting symptoms has slowed to a trickle, cautiously indicating the end of the outbreak.Francisco Gonzalez, 34, has been indicted on numerous charges in connection with the April 7 theft a car and death of Kona, a companion animal that was inside, according to the Portland Police Bureau.A family of ducklings are now safe, thanks to the help of firefighters from Portland Fire & Rescue!Oregon State Police said a 2011 Hyundai sport utility vehicle was heading south of Highway 101 around 3:15 Saturday afternoon when it crossed the center line and hit a 2007 Chevrolet Tahoe head-on.The attack happened late Saturday outside the Antigo High School prom, said Eric Roller, the chief of police in Antigo, a community of about 8,000 people roughly 150 miles north of Milwaukee.There’s nothing like the bond between a pet and its owner, happy National Pet Parents Day!Coming off of their first playoff season in over a decade, the Portland State University Vikings finished off camp with their annual spring game.“Your happiness has no price. It cannot be bought. It is not an app that you can download on your phones, nor will the latest update bring you freedom and grandeur in love." - Pope Francis, speaking to teens Sunday in St. Peter's SquareRain and cooler temperatures are in the forecast for Sunday, with some thunderstorms possible this afternoon!Communications Director Patricia Nuzzo said the student hacked into a teacher email account and sent six different messages to more than 50,000 blanket email addresses, a large majority were not valid email addresses.They may sell a few calendars with this combination...“That's how I felt about it. Here I am, I'm a young adult, I have a young family. I'm trying to get my career going, In the middle of that I get lung cancer. The whole idea was stupid."AT&T announced a new plan to provide discounted internet access as low as $5 a month to low-income families.It’s another great couch gag on The Simpsons by Eric Goldberg.  What mash-up would you like to see the animators tackle next?An "urgent safety issue" prompted the Federal Aviation Administration to call for a fix on dozens of Boeing 787 Dreamliners."Three, two, one ... GO!" the announcer hollers, and as the racers fix their thoughts on pushing the cubes, the drones suddenly whir, rise and buzz through the air. Some struggle to move even a few feet, while others zip confidently across the finish line.A group of Prince's family, friends and musicians celebrated him in a small, private service, his publicist said Saturday.Authorities say the green water flowing in the Ketchikan Creek that caused some panic and drew a response from multiple agencies was the result of a prank.A North Carolina man is using his legs to raise money on seven continents to fund dementia research in honor of his grandfather.Hundreds gathered at Columbia Presbyterian Church Saturday to celebrate the life of former Washington lawmaker John McKibbin, whose plane crashed into the Columbia River in March.Plays, concerts and parades are all happening in William Shakespeare’s hometown as people in the United Kingdom mark 400 years since his death.Crews from the Oregon Department of Agriculture are preparing for the next treatment of insecticide to get rid of the gypsy moths in North Portland on Monday.The discovery of the single-engine vessel on which Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, both 14, got lost at sea during a burst of severe weather on July 24 was confirmed Saturday by the U.S. Coast Guard and Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission.“We wake up in the morning and are just struggling to accept that this is reality because it seems so indescribable, so incomprehensible that this could actually have happened," neighbor Cheron Calder said. "But it did happen and here we are.”When officers arrived at the scene, they found two people with gunshot wounds. Police said both were taken to a local hospital, and one victim is in critical condition.Tristan from Missouri has opened a lemonade stand to pay for his own adoption. His foster mom, Donnie, has been taking care of him for the past four years, and he wants to make their family bond official.Police said a 2003 Dodge Durango was driving westbound on Highway 18, when it crossed the centerline and hit a 2004 Chevrolet Astro van head-on. The Dodge then struck a 2005 Honda Civic and rode up and over the hood of the car, tearing off its roof.Investigators said they've interviewed more than 30 people hoping to find leads in the deaths of the seven adults and 16-year-old boy whose bodies were found Friday in Ohio.It's game day! The Portland Trail Blazers are back at the Moda Center tonight for game 3 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!The Venezuelan government says that it will be necessary to cut electricity usage for four hours per day, and it will be a policy implemented across Venezuela.Friends and family of Haruka Weiser will gather for her memorial service Saturday at 9 a.m. at the Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Beaverton. The service is open to the public.Two people have been displaced from their home after a garage fire in southeast Portland early Saturday morning. No injuries were reported, and the cause of the fire has not been released.The flyover ramp from I-5 northbound to Highway 217 is closed while crews investigate a crash that trapped two people early Saturday morning.Welcome to the weekend! You may want to keep those rain jackets handy! This morning should stay dry, with some showers arriving this afternoon.Like Shauna Parsons said, another day of confusion! Shauna will be at the desk this morning, and Andy Carson will be giving you weather updates live on Good Day Oregon.Scammers will go to great lengths to fool people out of information and money. Here are some common scams to avoid.“So many people are touched. It’s so meaningful to them personally," - DJ Davina Labbe.ICYMI: The Portland Trail Blazers' C.J. McCollum received the NBA's Most Improved Player award Friday.
STORY: http://bit.ly/1SArG9GThe second phase of units at The Orchards at Orenco opens in June but they start taking applications Saturday and people are already lining up for a chance to move in.While candidates are campaigning for votes, another race is under way. Get an inside look at the contest to succeed the current "foodie-in-chief."Go, Joey, go!Senator Jeff Merkley was the first senator to endorse Bernie Sanders, but he may be one of two major supporters urging him to concede the race to Hillary Clinton.It looks like little Prince George was getting ready for bed when President Obama stopped in to say 'hi'!
The President and Mrs. Obama are on a whirlwind trip to the U.K.
STORY: http://bit.ly/249CYqAA 91-year-old Florida woman has been volunteering at the hospital for more than 60 years!  She's proof positive that you're never too old to be the change.  Know any places that need volunteers?Several people have reported cougar sightings in Gresham and Troutdale this week, and a surveillance camera caught a big cat on video. Watch as it enters the yard, spooks the family house cat and then stalks off.
MORE: http://bit.ly/1VNR9jxEvery Thursday, three-year-old Brooklyn waves at the garbage man as he drives by. This year, garbage pickup day just happened to fall on her birthday, so she rushed outside to give him a cupcake.Who's planning to spend the weekend up on the mountain?

Keep an eye on the forecast 24/7 with the FOX 12 Weather App: http://kptv.tv/Fox12AppAn adorable #EarthDay celebration at a Beaverton preschool, where kids dressed up like ladybugs and then released thousands of the tiny beetles into the school's garden.
MORE: http://bit.ly/1VI6J0pThe medical examiner's office says Marc Messina, a passenger on the plane, died on impact when the aircraft crashed in Woodland on Thursday.Republican presidential candidate John Kasich is coming to Portland next week.Police say gang officers arrested five people in a Portland park Thursday afternoon and one of the women had a loaded handgun with a 30-round magazine in her hand when officers approached her.Fiat Chrysler Automobiles is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and midsize SUVs worldwide because drivers can't tell if they've put the vehicles in park.Gooey the galago was reported stolen from Zany Zoo Pet Store in Eugene, but police said the little primate was actually given to a prostitute as a tip from the shop's owner.There were no obvious signs of trauma on Prince's body when he was found unresponsive at his home in suburban Minneapolis, the local sheriff said.VIDEO: This summer's gas prices will be the lowest in 12 years! Time to start planning a family road trip. What's the best road trip you've ever taken?Happy Earth Day, #Maine! Take some time today to appreciate our particularly beautiful corner of the world. #earthday. 

Photo: Tumbledown Mountain.Grab a copy of Portland Magazine's April edition for our annual wedding guide. We're here to help you plan the perfect day! Photo by Ben WheelerWith the weather forecast looking up, our thoughts are turning to summer getaways. Let us know your summer escape plans... Lake or sea? Maine or away?  http://bit.ly/1PWU5BZThis month Portland Magazine explores the best places to dance the night away in Portland. Discover the different studios and venues around town, whether you prefer ballroom, swing or just a good old-fashioned boogie. Any other suggestions for us?Introducing Ralph Hersom, sommelier extraordinaire and new Portland resident! Find out more about Hersom's newly-appointed position as Category Manager of Beer, Wine, and Spirits for the Hannaford HQ, his favorite spots in Portland, and the perfect wine to pair with your lobster roll... http://bit.ly/1qmQBElIt's First Friday! Time for a drink and copy of the April edition of Portland Magazine.It's spring—snow kidding!Did you hear any of these women on the radio today? Get to know them a little better here: http://bit.ly/1TtHjSRWhere do elephants go when they retire? Central Florida, of course. 

See what’s next for the world famous Ringling Bros.elephants: http://wesh.tv/6186BmshA“They may need to ice their ankles afterwards, but it's all for a good cause.” http://wesh.tv/6189BmSALThings are getting pretty heated between Barack Obama, Michelle Obama and The Royal Family:  http://wesh.tv/6187Bmsy1A pilot who was part of a massive search to find two missing teen fishermen told investigators he's positive he saw one floating on debris two days after their boat capsized.Recognize this pup? Police said he was found abandoned and chained to a stop sign in Titusville: http://wesh.tv/6183BmSG7The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office has fired and arrested an officer they say hit a woman while she was handcuffed: http://wesh.tv/6004BmqUkWorried about failing to pay her bills during her leave from her two jobs, a mom-to-be turns to the Internet to help her through her maternity leave. Get the full story:   http://wesh.tv/6184BmqypRIP, Earfful Tower.😷"It was a full metal jacket bullet," Chris Gaither said. "It went straight through the back of his leg, and he started crying like a little baby."Hostage negotiators were called to talk a robbery suspect out of his car overnight.Adam Levine couldn’t help but get caught up in Jimmy Fallon’s new Styx obsession. Check out their awesome dance: #WhatYouMissed http://wesh.tv/6188BmW18PLEASE SHARE!An Oklahoma court has upheld a ruling not to bring charges of forcible sodomy against a defendant because the victim was drunk at the time.This guy was bound and determined to get away from police, but things didn’t go so well. Be sure to watch this to the end! http://wesh.tv/6181Bmm5fA motorcyclist is dead following a late-night crash involving a semi-truck near Orlando International Airport.Bethune-Cookman University is getting into the music business.There's this guy who's allergic to fur, so he keeps reptiles as pets.  That may not have been the best idea! http://wesh.tv/6182BmcqmNearly a dozen Leesburg High School students have been suspended, most of them potentially facing criminal charges.The video shows her yelling and flashing her badge at the tow truck driver as he was removing her pickup, which had been blocking a sidewalk.One restaurant has your back if you find yourself on a bad Tinder date. Check out what they’ll do for you: http://wesh.tv/6182BmgDASix people are being evaluated by medical staff after the envelope containing a white powdery substance was mailed to a Donald Trump campaign office in New York City. http://wesh.tv/6181Bmm81Americans' confidence in the economy is sinking. It's at its lowest level so far in 2016, according to the weekly survey known as the Gallup U.S. Economic Confidence Index.

http://wesh.tv/6187BmlCdWe're talking #NFLDraft2016 and other news. Join us live Stewart Moore Angela Taylor WESH Tony Mainolfi, WESH #cw18She ended up paying $125 to get her truck out.Promo 
 
Wall St. Plaza is giving you two chances to party Cinco-style at the Sort of Cinco Block Party and the Cinco de Mayo Block Party.Please, no double dipping.In Patrick and Holly Kahn's second set of three exhibitions at Snap Downtown, they introduce an international and local roster of artists, in a mix of media.Flogging Molly plays the House of Blues tonight. Plus, 23 other fun options for this week.Things to Do Today:
Music Pick of the Day: Nihil (pictured) at Bombshell's Tavern: http://bit.ly/1XW6b4u

- Con Turner Von Simmons Band at Will's Pub: http://bit.ly/2476Irr
- Flogging Molly at House of Blues Orlando: http://bit.ly/1UkdunG
- Frank Caliendo at The Plaza Live: http://bit.ly/21i8G3c

For a complete list of things to do, click here: http://bit.ly/1LkXb4i"He was as much local color as he was a local artist, far more than almost anyone else can claim."So far, Florida has paid more than $260,000 to private law firms in gambling lawsuits involving the Seminole Tribe of Florida, with the likelihood of hundreds of thousands of dollars more on the horizon.You've probably heard of the bands that this local supergroup is formed from: Shak Nasti, Leisure Chief, Brown Note, Gargamel, Kow, God’s Personal Stash and more.While filming himself feeding a few raccoons, an Orlando man learned a valuable lesson.Rick Scott wants you to give up and embrace his orange master.Promo

Grab your ponchos and sombreros, The Might as Well be Cinco Pub Crawl is this Saturday!This guy would love to speak to you about a lucrative business opportunity.Hometown son Eddie Huang's show Huang's World, long a web viewing staple, premieres tonight.The footage appears to show the accused landscaper running over the sign, backing up, and running over it a couple more times.Promo 

Zona Fresca Winter Park is offering a FREE fully-catered fiesta for you and your amigos. Tag your friends and enter to win!"I personally apologize if it was insensitive and we upset people, that was never our intent, and I'm big enough to say that."#TBT For about a year, there was an abandoned water park where the Golden Corral and Pirate's Island Mini-Golf course are now located on US 192.They didn't make the playoffs, but at least tonight you can watch a Magic player eat a two pound steak.One board member told the Star-Banner that transgender students "should not have the 'choice of the day' in terms of which restroom they will use" because according to her, it's "reverse discrimination."Promo 

This event has sold out every year. Sample from more than 150 fine wines, enjoy live entertainment and more all for a great cause!Atlanta-based rock band Big Jesus will play a free show at The Hourglass Brewery this Saturday. Plus, here are 22 other shows without a cover."I come from a place ... where the life span is shorter than my haircut," Nicolas, then 16, says in a video. "Where going to college is like winning the lottery."The lawsuits accused Trump of falsely claiming he was the project developer when, instead, he only had a deal that allowed the developers to use his name.Things to Do Today:
Music Pick of the Day: Death Cab for Cutie (pictured) at Hard Rock Live: http://bit.ly/1XW6b4u

- Information Society at Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando: http://bit.ly/1SC40iQ
- Comedian of the Year at Orchid Garden at Church Street: http://bit.ly/1TypBva
- Froomador at Will's Pub: http://bit.ly/1YVt607

For a complete list of things to do, click here: http://bit.ly/1LkXb4i“If the choice is Park Avenue or Sanford, I’ll choose Sanford every day. I like the small-town feel, and the eclectic vibe in downtown.”It's going to be another record breaking year for panther deaths.Though the world is still mourning the loss of musical icon Prince at age 57, hearts were broken here in Orlando due to the deaths of two local icons: Matt Gersting and Morgan Steele.Pre-sale tickets to Orlando's premier dining event, Bite Night, are now available. This event will sell out. Get your tickets before it's too late.Toad the Wet Sprocket frontman Glen Phillips could be wringing every last dollar out of the nostalgia circuit; instead he's touring behind a suite of sad, stately solo songs at Backbooth.Tokyo Police Club returns to Orlando tonight at the Social.Promo

Partake in a scavenger hunt sculpture walk, silent auction and multiple food/drink stops at local shops, restaurants, bars and galleries this Saturday for the Sculpture Pub Crawl featuring the Kissimmee Sculpture Experience. Save money by purchasing tickets on Groupon.An entire evening dedicated to angst.Death Cab for Cutie comes to the Hard Rock Live this Thursday. Plus, here are 23 other options for this week.Promo 

Want to attend Science of Wine for free? Tag a friend you would like to bring in the comments below by April 27 at 11:59 p.m. to win two tickets! Don't miss this one-of-a-kind event where you can sample from more than 150 fine wines, enjoy live entertainment and more all for a great cause!
 
For more information on the fundraiser, visit http://bit.ly/OSCWineLast year, the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra tapped Eric Jacobsen as its new music director. However, this will be his last performance with Brooklyn Rider, as touring and recording conflict with his new duties leading the orchestra.The Council of American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) in Florida is calling on UCF to investigate the origin of the alert and review their procedures after the school warned of a "possible Middle Eastern gun man/woman" yesterday afternoon.An inaugural rock festival, a cabaret festival, and art festivals, check out this weekend's happenings to plan yourself a rockin' good time.It started as a neighborhood tragedy and ended up with about 175 people of all ages gathering at the Winter Park Community Center to enjoy a night of board games, all because two local children want to make a change.The company recently cut the ribbon for the opening of a Southeast Orlando office on Narcoossee Road. This is the fourth Orlando- area location for the Sotheby's firm, which also has offices in Southwest Orlando, Lake Mary and Port Orange.
Photos courtesy of Premier Sotheby’s International Realty.Tips from the the Sommelier: find wines for every palate and budget."The Orlando International Fringe Theatre Festival is celebrating a quarter-century of existence, having grown up in spite of itself..."Did you know the Premium Outlets are offering a Florida resident discount on Wednesdays from 10:00 am to 11:00 pm?Five ways to celebrate mom on May 8 with spa treatments, dining, and shopping options.With a digital subscription you get everything Orlando everywhere you go.Cravings will be caused by reading this month's issue featuring the 2016 Dining Awards, but for editor Barry Glenn there was a cause for some online sleuthing to be done.Tomorrow evening hear the history and evolution of Hannibal Square in Winter Park with discussion on how the community can reclaim its cultural heritage through “placemaking” techniques.There's still time! Cast your ballot in the Best of Orlando and vote for your favorite local personalities, eateries, places for shopping, and where you like to have fun. Vote on our website by May 1 and you could win a dinner for 2 at a top restaurant.Ice cream party surprise from Sprinkles Cupcakes, opening in May at @disneysprings Lots of yummy cupcake ice cream flavors like red velvet, peanut butter cup, and even Cap'n Crunch! Also, thanks for the dry ice! We are easily amused...Army Corps preparing ahead of possible severe weatherHave you ever dropped items off at one of those charity bins? Do you know where your donation actually goes?Severe T-Storm warning just to the north of our viewing area. Part of a line of storms firing as far south as Bryan.WATCH: The Houston Texans will be introducing first round draft pick Will Fuller.Today on Dr. Phil, airing at 3p on #KPRC2: Watch the conclusion of the Nick Gordon interview.The man died from internal bleeding caused by a rare immune reaction to the Zika virus,No rain but plenty of wind ahead of expect afternoon and evening storms.The rookie officer was fired after he was charged with battery on a woman in handcuffs outside the jail.Have you seen these high-tech cameras in your area?Warm temps with brisk wind setting up the chance for strong storms this evening."It was a full metal jacket bullet. It went straight through the back of his leg. He started crying like a little baby."Get your weekend plans underway! http://bit.ly/1WpNeIFShe's done it again! Remember Della? She carved that awesome JJ Watt statue with a chainsaw. Look at the Peyton Manning statue she just finished! #talented #amazingWe started at 73 this morning, heading toward the humid mid 80s and increasing rain & storm chances this evening.Police are investigating the death after a truck driver was shot in the neck.Happy anniversary, Will and Kate!What do you think about "meternity" leave? Should people be allowed to take paid me-time?"Perhaps you have managed to retain some ignorance about Alzheimer's and other versions of dementia. Perhaps if you knew more, you would not find the subject humorous."Who wants tickets to the Lee Brice concert tonight at Stampede Houston? Comment below and tag the person you would like to take. Doors open at 7 p.m., performance at 9:30 p.m.
*See the contest rules here-->http://bit.ly/1N6yRau"Things happen for a reason, and I'm happy to be here. I'm going to show everyone what kind of person I am." - Laremy Tunsil #NFLDraftLIVE Forecast Update: Flooding and Severe WX ThreatStrong SE wind will not help with Coastal Flooding an Advisory is up from 9AM to 4PM.
MORE: http://bit.ly/1rEDwHb
RADAR: http://bit.ly/GaMKM?utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook_KPRC2 #HOUWXAn 8-year veteran with the HPD is on desk duty after he shot a man during a narcotics investigation in NE Houston. KPRC2 Brandon Walker has the latest: http://bit.ly/1XXSYZ7If you need to run errands get them done this morning. Quiet until later this afternoon. http://bit.ly/GaMKM?utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook_KPRC2The intruder said he had "a message he wanted to be heard."The Texans found someone to play opposite DeAndre Hopkins in Round 1. Could they find someone to help J.J. Watt in Round 2?WATCH LIVE: Texans introduce first-round selection Will Fuller."Hey y'all got any food?"WATCH LIVE: Texans first-round selection Will Fuller will be introduced at a press conference scheduled for 1 p.m.What position do you want the Texans to address on Day 2? Defensive line? Tight end? Safety?TAP & TALK: Puppies!'Par-Tee' for a good cause!The smuggling organization's roots go as far as the border and also reach all the way into San Antonio and Houston.Sadly, another disturbing story out of the San Antonio area this morning...Missing NASA astronaut Scott Kelly’s stunning images from space?TAP &  TALK: Severe weather risk for Houston area -  Mario answers your questionsNEW PICS: HPD is investigating a fatal shooting along the Gulf Freeway this morning; you can see what may be a bullet hole in the cab of this big rig.Today cards featuring messages to stay-at-home dads, divorced parents and same-sex couples will line shelves alongside typical Mother’s Day cards.Disturbing story out of San Antonio...911 often can't determine the location of an emergency, even when the call for help comes from a GPS equipped smart phone.Dozens of people on board a cruise ship docked in Norfolk have been sickened by a norovirus.TRAFFIC ALERT: Homicide investigation shuts down Gulf Freeway inbound at Almeda Genoa - man was shot nearby earlier this morning.Weather watch conditions expected this weekend. Stormy weather could begin as early as this afternoon over SE Texas and continue through Tuesday morning. As much as 2"-4" expected with localized 8" amounts possible in SE Texas. We've also been placed in a moderate risk of flooding by the National Weather Service.  Please remember to turn around don't drown as all eight fatalities on the last flood were in cars. Mario Gomez KHOUJesus Gerardo Ledezma Campano gave jurors a rare and chilling inside account of cartel justice Thursday.Congrats!TAP & TALK: Look what we found!Would you consider applying it to your vehicle?French teacher who can't speak French!? Today at 6 p.m. on KHOU 11.BREAKING: At least 11 dead after oil and gas company's helicopter crashes in Norway.Tragic - but he's posted a video online to show fans and friends he's making some progress.OIL UPDATE: First-quarter results from oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron today.The behemoth animal is just a few signatures away from being on an equal level with the Bald Eagle.A Houston school wants to teach folks what's right about the freestyle dance movement.India to New York, Los Angeles, and eventually to Plano.You're always on our mind, Willie. Happy birthday! What's your favorite Willie Nelson song?ICYMI...It was a wild evening for this top-rated prospect.Police investigating a drive-by shooting near 59 and the N. Loop early this morning.Showers possible starting later today with a line of storms expected early tomorrow morning. Chita is live on KHOU 11 right now.UPDATE: Police say last night's officer-involved shooting started as a traffic stop over drugs.NEW OVERNIGHT: NW Houston house fire.NEW OVERNIGHT: Fatal shooting along the Gulf Freeway.Discipline due in airstrike that hit Afghan hospital; Football fan frenzy continues with Day 2 of NFL draft; & California's GOP convention to test candidates.The man was born in South Korea and later became a U.S. citizen. He apparently confessed during a trial to stealing military secrets to help his native country.In case you missed it ...ICYMI... “We felt very helpless,” Kurtis said. “We talked to her and talked to her and talked to her. And just trying to get her to understand that it’s, you know, let it roll off your back. “ICYMI: You may have heard of the story & read the book - but she recently spoke to students Taylor University.The CDC just came out with its first-ever guidelines for dispensing opioids, in an effort to fight the prescription painkiller epidemic in the U.S.ICYMI: What do you think of the Texans' pick?In case you missed it: 2016 HTC at the Draft Party!Researchers at Texas Children's Hospital are working to develop a better test to diagnose the Zika virus weeks after infection."...The officer didn't give me a chance to explain to him that I have Epilepsy. I was treated like a criminal. I was put into a holding cell with criminals."A recently canceled Houston service would have offered a special elixir the group claims cures illnesses. Scientists have compared the drink to industrial bleach.The thieves stole the company's truck and over $50,000 worth of equipment inside. Deputies later found the truck completely burned.TAP & WATCH: Texans Head coach Bill O'Brien and GM Rick Smith discuss drafting Notre Dame WR Will Fuller.Pablo Alsina KHOU sat down with these Ultimate Texans fans to welcome WR Will Fuller to the team.University of Houston cornerback William Jackson III was drafted 24th overall by the Cincinnati Bengals.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeBest fans in the NFL!The Houston Texans select Notre Dame WR Will Fuller with the 21st pick.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeBREAKING: We're told one person was shot and taken to the hospital after an officer-involved shooting in north Houston. The officer was not injured. We're working to gather more information at this time. Tune in to KHOU 11 News at 10 p.m. for the latest details.
http://on.khou.com/1T8QToVTAP & WATCH: Matt Musil KHOU and Pablo Alsina KHOU with live reaction to the Houston Texans first-round pick, Notre Dame WR Will FullerMeet your 2016 Texans Cheerleaders!How bad are the storms going to be Friday, David Paul KHOU?Cameras are already up all over the gated complex, but residents said the current level of security doesn’t seem to be enough.Don't fall for this scam!NFL Draft update with Pablo Alsina KHOU and Matt Musil KHOU.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeNFL DRAFT: Top 5 picks
1. LA Rams, QB Jared Goff
2. Philadelphia Eagles, QB Carson Wentz
3. San Diego Charges, DE Joey Bosa
4. Dallas Cowboys, RB Ezekiel Elliott
5. Jacksonville Jaguars, CB Jalen Ramsey

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFe
Photos: USA TODAY SportsTravel bloggers shared their experiences on some of the most overrated attractions and suggest what you should do instead.TAP & WATCH: NFL Draft update with Matt Musil KHOU and Pablo Alsina KHOU.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeYOUR PICKS: With the 22nd pick in the NFL Draft, the Houston Texans should take Bobby Boucher, says viewer Brian Harter.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeJUST IN: The Los Angeles Rams select Jared Goff with the first pick of the 2016 NFL Draft

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFe
Photos: USA TODAY SportsHere we go!TAP & WATCH: The Houston Texans cheerleaders perform before tonight's NFL Draft.

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeArmstrong's motion for summary judgment says the case against him is "long on speculation and hyperbole — but short on evidence and viable legal theories."He was indicted today on charges of second-degree murder and attempted murder.NFL Draft fashion on a whole new level this year......

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFeNearly 100,000 people in halfway houses who are eligible for Medicaid should soon have access to health care, mental health and substance abuse treatment.Oddly, the newfound genetic varieties don’t do their dirty work by etching crows’ feet or sprinkling liver spots.Tomorrow is the first day of the Bayou City Art Festival at Memorial Park 2016! 
Ticket information: http://on.khou.com/1WhS4HYNASA estimated the risk of Zika by season, finding that South Florida and Texas have moderate-to-high risks of Zika even in the winter.Warning: Scam artists are trying to take your money. 

Leah Napoliello, the senior director of investigative services for the Better Business Bureau of Greater Houston & South Texas is answering your questions on local scams and what you can do to avoid them. Post your questions here.SOUND OFF: Who do you think the Houston Texans should take with the 22nd pick in the NFL Draft? 

Draft guide: http://on.khou.com/1rki9uj
Live NFL Draft blog: http://on.khou.com/1T8ayFe
(Photos: USA TODAY Sports)The Texans are likely to take a receiver at some point. Could it be one of these pass-catchers?A flood watch has been issued beginning Noon Friday through Sunday morning. Coming up today at 4,5,6, and 10 p.m. we'll tell you how much rain could fall.According to Houston police, the suspect was pronounced dead on the scene.He also commented on Kasich and Trump.New video of Nahla at her new home at a North Texas animal sanctuary. She's the young tiger found wandering the streets of Conroe last week.Police reportedly shot him with bean bag pellets.According to Texans PR, the Texans are the only team in the NFL with every first round pick since 2008 still on their roster.All the latest charges stem from the investigation into the attack, U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said in a statement.Bond was set at $1.75 million.Sometimes an act of kindness can lead to the unlikeliest of friendships.MORE: Areas in dark green are under a Flash Flood Watch through Sunday morning. Rain will move in starting late tomorrow - afternoon or evening. Heavy rain Saturday. Watch KHOU 11 at 4 p.m.BREAKING: A Flash Flood Watch is in effect until 7 a.m. Sunday for Austin, Colorado, Fort Bend, Grimes, Harris, Montgomery, Polk, San Jacinto, Walker, Waller, Washington & Wharton counties. Rain will start to move in late tomorrow into Saturday.

Watch KHOU 11 at 4 p.m.

WATCH FORECAST -> http://on.khou.com/1RjTK0d
WEATHER RADAR -> http://on.khou.com/1LSwFfS
YOUR PICS -> photos@khou.comA small moon orbiting an icy dwarf planet in the distant reaches of our solar systemNote to self: Don't eat beans and then get on Facetime.Spoiler alert: Safe to say he probably didn't get the job.But can it howl "Hnaarr oorrawarr!?"IT'S DRAFT DAY! Check out our interactive map of some of the top prospects at each position.TAP & TALK: Looking for a job? Ask expert Dr. Tracey Wilen your questions! -- Shern-Min Chow KHOUBeware of the “virtual kidnapping” scam.Heads up! This mess of "mystery metal" is STILL backing up traffic past Beltway 8. 

UPDATE: Freeway is open again, still delays in the area though >> http://on.khou.com/246kI4GMaybe the Texans can pick up one of these hidden gems in the later rounds. Do you have a favorite player in this Draft?BREAKING: Federal prosecutors say 3 connected to San Bernardino shooter arrested in marriage fraud conspiracy. Warrants were carried out in California this morning, AP reports >> http://on.khou.com/1qYKdmAParents, how would you react? Jump in the water?“No bruises, not even a single scratch, even though my windshield exploded, not a single scratch."TRAFFIC ALERT:  The Southwest Freeway, 59, is blocked northbound at Bellaire Blvd due to road debris. 

UPDATE: Freeway is open again, still delays in the area though >> http://on.khou.com/246kI4G“Lucifer in the flesh,” he said of Cruz. YOUR THOUGHTS?Students in a Tennessee classroom viewed part of a film that has been referred to as “torture porn” and banned in some countries.Have you seen this filter? What do you think of the lawsuit?NEW: San Jacinto County resident Bernard Hopkins, 47, will spend life in prison.Some of you might want one at first but... a) Beyoncé is selling them, b) they are $45!“She wanted everybody to like her and she wanted to like everybody else."Today, April 28, is National Superhero Day and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts has a pretty sweet offer.Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick said he would stake his elected office on passing a so-called "bathroom bill."Law enforcement officials are searching for an inmate who escaped the Van Zandt County Detention Center with a little help.BREAKING: Vice President Joe Biden makes surprise trip to Iraq for a visit intended to help Iraqi leaders resolve a political crisis that has hindered efforts to defeat the Islamic State group.A federal appeals court panel has upheld a lower court ruling that an Arkansas state trooper can be sued by the family of a man who died after being arrested for driving while intoxicated.Need a quick guide to the top prospects in the 2016 NFL Draft? Check out our interactive map with full scouting reports and highlights.Ah yes, the famous bright ice rings of Jupiter.Oh you know the firefighters LOVED this.TAP & TALK: Lily Jang KHOU and the rest of the morning gang are chatting it up after the show!DRAFT DAY IS HERE, and we got you covered. Check out our guide and be sure to catch our LIVE coverage beginning at 4 p.m. on KHOU 11 News.TAP & TALK: Tiffany Craig KHOU talking about the Pink Tax.Have you compared the price between a man and a woman’s razor lately?Loved ones at her side prayed and comforted her. But they weren't her family. They weren't her friends.The Butterfly Project was a lofty idea born 20 years ago right here in Houston. Today there are over 1.5 million handmade butterflies spreading a message of love and hope and representing the children lost in the Holocaust. http://localhoustonmagazine.com/taking-flight-butterfly-project/ #HOPEtagBayou City Art Festival in Memorial Park is this weekend, April 29–May 1. The featured artist is a local Houstonian, April Murphy, whose work is an adoration of animals and spunky, colorful paintings. #HouArtFest #DoLocal2016Need to do your groceries? Stop by Whole Foods Market Houston for their Community Giving day and help raise money for Empty Bowls Houston. 5% of the day’s net sales from all eight will help fight local hunger. Houston Food Bank (Official Page)At the media preview for the new SAKS this morning 💐 #thegrassisreallygreener #saksonthemove #DoLocal2016If you haven’t jumped on the #fannypack bandwagon, you should. They are unisex. They make carrying everything you need easy. And all the cool kids are doing it. >> http://localhoustonmagazine.com/izzedin/ #DoLocal2016 IzzedinMondays are like the first day of a new year – an opportunity to try again. Start with eating your Superfoods! http://localhoustonmagazine.com/super-pill/The 1989 cult classic film Heathers comes alive at the Hobby Center April 28–May 8 with TUTS Underground. Heathers The Musical brings the original ruthless clique at Westerberg back together. https://www.tuts.com/underground?hq_e=el&hq_m=1072108&hq_l=1&hq_v=bc495b3e15We are hesitant to share this gem with you, but since we already shared it in print, it can’t get any worse…can it? Helen Greek Food and Wine in Rice Village really will change your life. http://localhoustonmagazine.com/dine-write-4/ #DoLocal2016We want to share your awesome images! Make sure to tag #dolocal2016 so we can find yours for our #localgram page. http://localhoustonmagazine.com/localgram-3/It’s #EarthDay! What are you doing to live a more sustainable life? We are trying to use less plastic. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9znvqIkIM-AWith week one of Coachella gone, check out our #FatFinds for some festival inspiration: http://localhoustonmagazine.com/fatfinds-3/ #DoLocal2016Houston Dash Market brings the best of Round Top and beyond. Head to Silver Street Studios April 22–24 to scour various vendors in search of home goods galore. www.dashhouston.comHave you gotten your Shop With Heart Card? Save 20% at retailers plus receive complimentary eats at restaurants April 22– May 1 while benefiting American Heart Association. http://shopwithheart.orgWriter, spiritual teacher and Houston native Marianne Williamson will take part in Unity Church’s Celebrate Your Life event, a two-day conference to show how bringing health to your inner self can have dramatic and positive consequences on your physical well-being May 13–14: http://localhoustonmagazine.com/mind-body-connection/

www.CelebrateYourLife.orgDaydream about waking up and having perfect vision without putting your glasses on to get to the bathroom to put your contacts in? Try Stewart Lasik >> http://localhoustonmagazine.com/seelng-things-differently/ #DoLocal2016CANCER SUCKS, but nonprofit CanCare, Inc. is fighting cancer with hope. The network of trained volunteers including survivors, family members of survivors and medical professionals providing emotional support to those facing cancer hosts its National Luncheon on May 19. Get your tickets now to show support and hear badass keynote speaker Devon Still (NFL Texans defensive tackle), proud father of the beautiful cancer survivor Leah Stills. #StillStrong #beatcancer #LeahStrong http://cancare.org/register-survivorsday.aspDon’t miss artist Stephen Wiltshire, known around the world for his signature detailed panoramic landscapes, creating a spectacular panorama of the Bayou City live at The Galleria. This five-day project, titled “Elevate Houston: The Big Picture,” concludes on April 23. #elevatehou #autismspeaks #autismawarenessmonth http://localhoustonmagazine.com/things-we-love-8/If you haven’t made it to iPic Houston (luxury film-watching with gourmet bites, cocktails and in-theater service), chances are you haven’t been to The Tuck Room Houston. In a nutshell, it’s the intimate alcove for handcrafted cocktails and soulful plates tucked into a discrete corner inside iPic. Always innovative, they’ve dubbed their latest refreshment option Patio Punch. Here’s just one from the menu: Afternoon Delight, made with New Amsterdam Vodka, lemon, berries, aperol, fresh lemonade and Naughty Mint. http://www.thetuckroom.com #sponsoredMeteorologist Chris Tomer with your lunchtime forecast and a look ahead to the weekend."Nature isn't always kind or pretty."There's a lull in the rain and snow in the metro area this morning, but snow will pick up later Friday morning, meteorologist Chris Tomer says in his forecast.Peyton Manning is well known for his letter writing. As a surprise, Gatorade worked with the Manning family and had some recipients read what the former Denver Broncos quarterback wrote to them. #DearPeytonMeteorologist Chris Tomer previews the approaching snow to the Front Range.Dynel Lane will be sentenced Friday in Boulder County court.More snow is on the way beginning later Thursday and lasting through the weekend, meteorologist Chris Tomer says in his forecast.Good morning, Colorado. Sky2 captured a spectacular sunrise Thursday morning. As the saying goes: "Red sky in morning, sailor’s warning." There's snow in the forecast, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.As the frequency of spanking increases, the likelihood of anti-social behavior, mental health issues and aggression also increases, according to the study. Do you spank your child?Chris Tomer's lunch weather update.Congratulations to the family on the birth of the first baby girl in 101 years.Would you like to see this become law?Evergreen is getting snow now, with rain showers south toward Castle Rock. Get used to wet weather this week. This video from Jason sent to our Chris TomerLil Wayne and Wiz Khalifa are scheduled to be at the event."You're going to be a dog owner, a responsible dog owner, then you need to get out and walk your dog, you know? Don't be lazy,”The kidnapping happened April 7, police said. The girl described the suspect as a light-skinned black man in his late 20s or early 30s, with a shaved (not bald) head and a goatee that was about 3 inches long.A round of heavy rain and hail hit northern Colorado this morning. Vehicles slid off Highway 85, including one that flipped over. There's a better chance of wet weather in Denver later Tuesday afternoon, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Ted Cruz and John Kasich are doing whatever they can to deny Donald J. Trump the Republican nomination. Will it work?Sky2 caught this morning's sunrise. Temperatures will climb into the 70s on Monday, but a stormy week is on the horizon, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.It's finally here, the long-awaited train to the plane service between Union Station and Denver International Airport. You can ride for free beginning at noon Friday and all day Saturday. Do you plan to use the service?Sky2 caught the spectacular sunrise Friday morning. A gorgeous spring weekend is on tap, meteorologist Chris Tomer says, with temperatures into the mid-70s on Friday and Saturday.Sixty-eight Jimmy John's stores in Colorado, including nine in Denver, will participate in the Customer Appreciation Day on Thursday, but only for limited hours.He says it's not even that hard to do, and the Colorado State Rams kicker proved it while our camera rolled.Sky2 caught the full moon setting into the clouds over the snow-covered Rockies just before sunrise this morning. Expect a warmer, day on Thursday, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Which film would you like to see later this year at Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre?The $800,000 in tax revenue from marijuana sales in one year make up about 10 percent of the Trinidad's general fund, beginning the transformation of the town.Never forget. Today marks 17 years since the Columbine High School massacre. We remember Cassie Bernall, Steven Curnow, Corey DePooter, Kelly Fleming, Matthew Kechter, Daniel Mauser, Dan Rohrbough, Rachel Scott, Isaiah Shoels, John Tomlin, Lauren Townsend, Kyle Valasquez and William “Dave” Sanders.Say goodbye to chicken legs! How to get great gams with just a few simple exercises in this week’s Ask The Trainer. http://kwgn.com/2016/04/19/ask-the-trainer-lower-body-workouts/No more chicken legs for Heather Mills. Tips from the trainer to save your knees! Have a fitness question for Doug? Email AskTheTrainer@KWGN.com or write it here. (Watch the story on Channel 2 Daybreak at 7:50am)Roads are wet and sloppy this morning because of lingering snow showers, especially south of the metro area. Accumulations are expected to be light, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.UPDATE: Michael was found safe at a friend's house.
Michael Powers was last seen about 7 p.m. near the library at East 120th Avenue and Holly Street. Police are not suspecting anything suspicious.The Jefferson County Sheriff's Office said the burglars were more concerned about causing as much damage inside the home.It was a big weekend storm in the foothills and mountains, and Andrew Brown of Evergreen condensed 36 hours of snowfall into a cool 42-second time-lapse.Sky2 caught the dazzling sunrise one day after a strong spring snowstorm dropped heavy snow across Denver, the Front Range, foothills and mountains over the weekend. There will be a chance of some rain and snow showers on Monday, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Many of us agree with you, Lulu. Enjoy your nap with your daddy, Tom GreenA classic Colorado spring snowstorm is set to hit Friday afternoon, starting with rain and thunderstorms before changing over to heavy, wet snow, Pinpoint Weather meteorologist Chris Tomer forecasts.Did you know about this rule at Coors Field?Gorgeous Colorado sunrise this morning. Temperatures into the mid-70s before big changes move in this weekend, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Our own Aristea Brady is on maternity leave with her newborn twins but she's sharing her home decorating talents on Facebook. This photo's just a sneak peek into her beautiful nursery. Head over and like her page to see more and learn about her money saving tips.Check out these conspiracies about DIA - what you think? Could they be real?When you’re getting back into the workout groove, it can be overwhelming trying to figure out what to do. We asked a trainer what to do -- and you can too. If you have any questions for the trainer, email us at askthetrainer@kwgn.com or submit them in the comments below.“We always go to that (location) because they cook the wings perfectly, but now where are we going to get good wings from?” one customer said.Should the Denver Broncos sign Johnny Manziel? If it was up to linebacker and Super Bowl 50 MVP Von Miller, he'd already be here.Lucca, a military dog who lost her left front leg in an IED explosion, was being honored for her bravery after completing more than 400 missions with the U.S. Marine Corps.Follow the developments as they come in involving a shooting in a Centennial neighborhood.BREAKING:What a great duo these two make -- Good job guys!Would Kaepernick be a good addition for the Broncos?Vicky Evans who brings you the traffic every morning is going on maternity leave.Share and send her your well wishes in the comments.

Here's her message to all of you:
"Today I begin my maternity leave. Thank you all for the well wishes, advice and positive thoughts for me and my growing family. We are beyond excited for the new adventure and just can't wait until baby boy gets here! Anytime now would be great! I have a squatter on my hands I guess. I will post when it's time and share family pics once they are taken. Thank you all for the support in the last nine months! See you on the flip side!"The case is nearing an end.A "Better Burger" by Chipotle? How does that sound?Harley the Chihuahua, who died last week, was the spokesdog for the National Mill Dog Rescue. And to keep the campaign of rescuing dogs from puppy mills, he's in a Frontier Airlines contest to get his image on the tail of a plane.The best part? Leonardo DiCaprio texted back.Three people were injured in the crash in the 4100 block of Sheridan Boulevard about 1:40 a.m.BREAKING.
Update 1:48pm. U.S. Capitol police shot a male suspect Monday afternoon following reports of gunfire at the Capitol Visitors Center. A female civilian bystander was injured by shrapnel, but no U.S. Capitol Police officers have been injured. The Capitol complex remains on lockdown.

Update 1:30pm. The White House no longer remains on lockdown. The Capitol does remain on lockdown.The latest winter storm is here and the Go Fund Me page still has some money to raise for Chris Parente's new shovel -- What will he do this weekend?Good morning, Denver. Friday will start sunny, then snow will move in tonight, Chris Tomer forecasts. Weekend outlook: kwgn.com/weather/forecastBreaking News: A source tells Channel 2 News that Gov. Hickenlooper will nominate Kaiser executive Donna Lynne for Lt. Governor.There is heavy snow and strong winds throughout the metro area this morning, making travel treacherous and forcing several school districts to close. If you're traveling, be careful out there. Get complete coverage now on "Channel 2 Daybreak." kwgn.com/live#BREAKING Denver Public Schools and Cherry Creek Schools are closed Thursday because of the blizzard. Complete closures: kwgn.com/closingsGet ready for a big temperature drop and be prepared for possible dangerous travel.This bald eagle cam lets you watch as the momma eagle takes care of her two adorable baby eaglets that hatched this weekend.It was a rough ride for some passengers taking the train at DIA...Snow will continue Friday with another 1-3 inches possible in Denver and more in the western suburbs and foothills, meteorologist Chris Tomer forecasts. Roads are icy, slushy and in some places snow covered so give yourself extra time for the commute. Complete Pinpoint Weather coverage now on "Channel 2 Daybreak." http://via.kwgn.com/aAet9 kwgn.com/liveIt has been 44 days since measurable snow has fallen at Denver's official reporting station. That's about to change Thursday, meteorologist Chris Tomer says. http://via.kwgn.com/63QFA"Society is changing and we’re changing with it,” SeaWorld said.Mom says lice just keeps coming back.It's still rough going in the high country with snow and wind making travel treacherous. Strong winds are expected again Tuesday along the Front Range, meteorologist Chris Tomer says in his forecast.UPDATE: Lakewood Police say Angelina San Andres has been found unharmed. She had been missing since this morning.UPDATE: Lakewood Police say Angelina San Andres has been found unharmed. More Details: http://via.kwgn.com/QR7nO 

Please share this information.Don't forget to set your clocks ahead by one hours before you go to bed. Daylight saving time begins at 2 a.m. How does the one less hour of sleep affect you?We are live with a sneak peek of the Pinpoint Weather Beast- check it out!We'll be showing you more, tonight.

Watch Channel 2 tonight at 7:00. And we'll have a live sneak peek here on Facebook at 6:30pm.What do you think Broncos fans?What do you wear to work? Have you noticed a difference
in how men dress?Uh-oh...is dinner recalled? Better check that freezer...It's coming...

Watch Channel 2 News at 7 p.m. Friday.It looks like Brock is gone - how does this news make you feel about the Broncos' future?What did you think of Peyton's speech today?May she rest in peace.Peyton Manning left a lasting legacy off the field, too.Is this the right move, Denver Broncos fans?It's 303 Day!

What's your favorite thing about living in Colorado?Winds will be kicking up, and combined with dry fuels and warm temperatures, the fire danger will be high Wednesday, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Caucusing has begun in Colorado.

Get the latest results from all Super Tuesday races on KWGN.com.Sounds like March (start of meteorological spring) will be much more of a lamb than a lion this year, says Jennifer Broome

Details on the cold front coming through tonight: http://kwgn.com/weather/forecast/If you're working on Monday, you may be working for free...sort of. Check out what the leap year means on your paycheck.A fantastic Friday and weekend are on tap with lots of sunshine and above-average temperatures, meteorologist Chris Tomer says. Full forecast: kwgn.com/weather/forecastWhat do you think of the changes that have been made to Facebook's "Like" button?Get ready for the snow! Here's a checklist:

✔️ Check Latest Forecast: http://bit.ly/1xt8k8k
✔️ See Live Streaming Radar: http://bit.ly/1QywqyC
✔️ Watch Channel 2 Daybreak starting early at 4:30amThere's lots of color in this morning's sunrise. The long stretch of dry weather and above-average temperatures is coming to an end, meteorologist Chris Tomer says. Forecast: kwgn.com/weather/forecastVideo shot by a bystander captured the heart-dropping moment when a helicopter crashed into Pearl Harbor on Thursday. All five people aboard were pulled by Hawaii authorities and good Samaritans, and taken to hospitals.No, that's not lava flowing over a cliff. It's an illusion dubbed "firefall" and it's a yearly phenomenon at Yosemite National Park.We're still recovering from a power outage this afternoon.

So, #NewsOffTheGrid continues on Channel 2 News at 7pm!Record heat plus powerful winds equals high fire danger today, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Neat shot captured from Sky2 of Pikes Peak poking above the fog this morning. More sunshine and above-average temperatures on tap again Tuesday, meteorologist Chris Tomer says. Forecast: kwgn.com/weather/forecastStrong winds are expected to kick up along the Front Range later Monday. More snow for the mountains, meteorologist Chris Tomer says.Ready for a gorgeous weekend? Jennifer Broome is expecting a great one:Frozen fans: You'll get to see the musical first here in Colorado before it makes it's Broadway debut!

Will you be going?Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning also challenged Magic Johnson to "egg roulette" on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.Mother Nature showing off this morning. Another mild day on tap, Chris Tomer says, with temperatures into the 50s. kdvr.com/weather/forecast.Live: Watch the Broncos parade and rally on Colorado's Own Channel 2 & online at http://www.kwgn.com/liveSky2 captured a fantastic sunrise to start what should be an exciting day as Denver salutes the Super Bowl champion Denver Broncos. Full coverage all morning on "Daybreak" and throughout the day on Colorado's Own Channel 2.It's a day for a Super celebration and meteorologist Chris Tomer has a super forecast for those heading downtown to salute the Super Bowl champion Denver Broncos. kwgn.com/weather/forecastIf you can't make it to the parade, we've got you covered on Colorado's Own Channel 2 and KWGN.com."There ain't no Easter Bunny, there ain't no Santa Claus, there ain't no Superman."Looks like he's enjoying holding that trophy.

Congratulations Peyton and the Denver Broncos!Get all the Denver Broncos parade details here!Let's hear it for your Super Bowl 50 champs!Fans lucky enough to snag tickets to Super Bowl 50 are heading to DIA on Friday to fly to the San Francisco Bay Area for the big game.Breaking: Safety Ryan Murphy will not be staying with the Denver Broncos for the Super Bowl.Have you checked this out? Too funny!Several schools will be closed Tuesday, including Douglas County, Jefferson County, Littleton Public Schools and St. Vrain PUblic School. Full list of delays and closures that will be updated throughout the morning: http://kwgn.com/weather/closings/Watch Daybreak starting at 4:30am!A peek inside Super Bowl Opening Night from Nick Griffith.

Channel 2 News will have live coverage on the Road to the Championship all week!Up at Keystone Resort they shared this photo of ice sculptures that will be atop Dercum Mountain through the Super Bowl.

Are you showing your Broncos Pride in the snow? Share your photos!Heavy snow is still coming to Denver and the Front Range on Monday once the winds shift, meteorologist Chris Tomer says. Some slick roads this morning, but the evening commute will be rough.It's about to move in to really slow down your commute Monday and Tuesday. Are you ready for more snow?Today, on the 30th anniversary of the explosion, we remember the seven who died on the space shuttle Challenger: Judith Resnik, Christa McAuliffe, Dick Scobee, Michael J. Smith, Ronald McNair, Ellison S. Onizuka and Gregory Jarvis.Ludivine was the highest-placed female and was given a medal.One suspect is in custody and the second suspect fled on foot.Check out these 15 restaurants in BallparkHappy anniversary Snooze, an A.M. Eatery!You can know go crazy with these five drinksBlueprint Bar will replace Caveau in UptownThe ultimate guide to tacos in DenverBerkeley got a sweet new spotLooking for a new job? Look no furtherOne last hurrah!This is what is new at Union StationThe dining scene in LoHi rocksTennyson keeps growing its dining sceneLess than a week awayThis is where to eat and drink today and tomorrowEat out, do good this ThursdayAn epic cocktail bar takeoverThere's a new spot for your açaí cravingLegal drama is brewing over a nameThe 17 year old pizzeria is growingOne more awesome addition to the StanleyIt will open early in MayBoulder doesn't love chains, but it sure loves beer!"Our cocktail list will be a series of mixologist interpretations of the French 75 (and a "secret" bar menu with additional, even Frencher French 75s for those in the know)."Food porn for the Brussels sprout loverBlackbelly Butcher is now open in BoulderIt opens today at lunchSay what?Curry for all!French 75 will open in downtown DenverStoners rejoice!No more noodles at this RiNo spotThe reviews are outA two minute video tour gives a glimpse into the new spotIt was all fun and games until the vegans got upsetThe California-born vegan bakery is growingMaple bacon ice cream is one of the optionsPaleo dining will soon get easier55 restaurants, bars, and juice joints to check outNo one was hurtMaster somm-approved margs at Chipotle Mexican GrillAn outpost will open inside the Pearl Street Whole Foods next weekAmazing news from BoulderThese are Denver's best egg sandwichesPut this on your calendar nowIt is the most important meal of the dayGovernor John W. Hickenlooper knows all the hot spotsThere will be bowling and games and cocktails.Your pizza will cook in 180 secondsBreakfast, lunch, and dinner are servedA new spot to caffeinateMax's Wine Dive Denver turns oneThere is Benton's ham in itThis is the steamed eggplant at Hop Alley. It is amazing. http://bit.ly/1Sw9RWwEating and drinking got good in ArvadaHello matzo ball soup sandwich!Denverites love their dogs as much as they love their beerA bright and fresh menu launched for the reopeningProject Angel Heart has a new leaderSo much to do, so little timeSchool is back in session!The history behind Highland's upcoming ramen shopCheers to a boozy afternoon!Cucina Colore remains a staple of Cherry Creek NorthThe fried chicken craze is spreadingSome of Denver's best chefs will cook at Lola Mexican Fish House tomorrowRamen for all!Are you getting yours?There are plenty of new vegan optionsThe celebrity chef's Beaver Creek location is now officially closed.Because Denver can never get enough beerFried chicken for days!Ice cream season is officially hereKanpai!Arvada got a new hot spotCooking like chef Kelly Whitaker just got easierVital update for the Ballpark hoodWelcome to the Rockier Opening WeekendThis is what the critics said about Brider and Torchy's Tacos - BroadwayHere's where to eat tomorrowHouse-cured meats and sausages are in the makingThese are Denver's hottest restaurantsThis is what Stapleton will get this fallBecause baseball season is hot dog seasonThe young sister of Blackbelly is almost ready for youA saké tasting will accompany this film screeningLoHi's Sushi Ronin is hosting a special event tomorrowThat was quickDenver is going crazy for açaí bowlsPancakes for days!Peek inside this upscale addition to Cherry CreekThese are Denver's essential restaurantsPop's Place launches just in time for baseball seasonHere is where the sport stars eatThere's a new noodle bowl at TOKIOHere's what the cat dragged in...The perpetrator has not been caughtBiju's Little Curry Shop is no longer that littleYou can drink here todayHere's a first look inside The PreserveryThe best events to attend this month- no joke!Here's where to eat and drink in Arvada, ColoradoDenver's restaurant scene is growing rapidlySchool House Kitchen and Libations is still closed after a kitchen fireBlackbird Denver is hosting a whiskey dinner tonightDenver sure loves its oystersYou have to have thisMultiple fire trucks responded to the incidentHow to bar and restaurant hop through UptownCheers to cheap drinks and bitesBaur's Restaurant & Listening Lounge is cooking a whole hog for this special dinnerThere's a new spot for your ramen fixThe first taste of Port Side will come on SaturdayWhat you need to know for Opening Day at Coors FieldFor those with TV fame aspirationsWeek in reviewsBelmar is getting a roadhouseSteuben's Arvada is ready to roll!Three hot spots get a new leaderTakeout is the new way to lobby Congressman Jared PolisThe perfect excuse to eat more Girl Scout CookiesIt is a beautyThe owners are looking for a new locationThere's a new chef at Lola Mexican Fish HouseThis is where you can drink tonightBecause there can always be more coffee in your lifeOne of the best weekends of the year in Vail is nearly upon us.The return of River North Brewery is nearThe new location will have a restaurant componentBecause everyone has Cuba on the brainLive music can be part of your lunchA veteran chef jumped ship to join the upcoming Fish N BeerCheck them off your bucket list.Everything you wanted to know about Mexico CityBurger news on a snowy dayThe official opening was yesterdayIn which notables speak of failure with a smile on their faceThey say you eat with your eyes firstHere's what you need to know about dining in the blizzardCeliacs rejoiceWhat restaurants are closed today in Denver because of the snow?Orange uniforms not requiredBetter than hosting Easter brunchHead to Barrels and Bottles Brewery tonight to meet this manAurora, Colorado is getting a fancier restaurantLooking for a new job? Look no furtherBeer galore and a wine event at Frasca Food & Wine tonightOuchGodfather's Pizza Denver will open later this springIn honor of Colorado Craft Beer WeekHere's what to look forward to this spring and summerIt's official: There will be 2 Smashburger restaurants and an outpost of Tom's Urban Denver at the Denver International AirportLong live the weekend!A new reason to dine in BoulderWell, this happenedA live cockroach is part of this storyA whole menu dedicated to mole is coming to Centro Latin Kitchen & Refreshment PalaceUptown is the place to eat and drinkThe kind of bracket that only Colorado beer heads can appreciateRiNo, River North Art District is the land of beer and coffeeOphelia's just changed the bottle service gameOysters are all the rage in Denver restaurantsThe Stanley keeps getting betterThe critics say you should dine in RiNo, River North Art DistrictRacca's Pizzeria Napoletana is headed for Colorado MillsTen year old Larkburger is growing to the eastHappy anniversary Hi*Rise!Sad news after a bar fight at Lodo's Bar and Grill-WestminsterAllegro Coffee Roasters goes after the coffee shop marketMake it all greenCongrats Frasca Food & Wine and chef Alex Seidel!Is the craft coffee game changing?Where to go for the best cup of JoeBig move in the craft beer worldJust in time for the Ohio primaryThat was quickIt works great for breakfast and for lunchEveryone seems to be talking about Pi today.The former Lower48 Kitchen space will become Pop's later this spring. http://bit.ly/1Urv48FUp your brunch game with these am drinks.Cherry Creek North is getting its own location of The Kitchen later this year. http://bit.ly/1S9itXcCheesy puns are all the rage at The Truffle TableThere's a new bar on South BroadwayThe purple super fruit is growing its reachHere's what to eat and drink while you paint the town greenIt looks like we broke Onefold's Yelp pageHead to The White Whale Room to celebrate its openingThere's a new hot spot for doughnutsGood bye old friendHurray for more tacosTwo of these are in DenverThere's a new fast-casual kid in townGive a shout to young Colorado rock starsThere's always something tasty coming your wayHere's what the critics had to say about Hop Alley and Rebel RestaurantChef shuffles around Denver and beyondThe pig will be king at this modern Mexican spotMasterpiece Kitchen is open in LowryHere are 29 restaurants that will open between now and Labor DayHow many of these essential restaurants have you visited?In a sea of chains and corporate restaurants, GRIND kitchen + watering hole seems like a breath of fresh airUptown remains one of Denver's hottest dining destinationsAll the food porn you can handleYou can have your picture taken with themOnefold’s Yelp page is basically a battlegroundThe Stanley added a bakery to its lineupIt's high time for ice cream in DenverThe U.S. Open Snowboarding Championship is in full swing in Vail. Here's where to eat and drink: http://bit.ly/1YfnWw3The ultimate guide to hangover cures: http://bit.ly/1QEmIVjThe guide to getting your juice on in DenverThe Bloody Marys are killer at Lucile's Creole CafeRiNo's The Preservery is almost hereNow you can get the Masterpiece Delicatessen sandwiches and the Old Major fried chicken in LowryThe breakfast, lunch, and dinner game in Ballpark is about to change.These are Denver's 12 hottest new spotsGet your craft brew on next door to Casa Bonita DenverIt can be a crazy weekend of eating and drinkingThe camps are divided between those who love and hate the annual specialHot chicken, cold beerFour days of Denver Restaurant Week left: These are the best 30 deals. http://bit.ly/1TGTdY4Spring skiing is in full effectMarch is packed with great food eventsNew attractions are coming to the Denver International AirportThe Kitchen will get a brand new locationBoulder's Cured wants you to up your cheese gameThe ultimate guide to getting away from the madness that is Denver Restaurant Week. http://bit.ly/21AnJ8WThere's some Southern sophistication coming your wayBig shakeup in The Kitchen CommunityNorth Carolina's Tupelo Honey Cafe is bringing its fried okra to DenverEater editor Andra Zeppelin shared our picks for Denver Restaurant Week with 9NEWS (KUSA)You have to have this.Denver Restaurant Week is in full swingThere's a new Backcountry Delicatessen in townThe staff from School House Kitchen and Libations can use your helpRare things like Pappy Van Winkle and Pliny the Younger are making appearances for Leap DayGo for the coffee, stay for the pork green chili pop overs.RiNo, River North Art District lands one more upcoming restaurantThere's a new burger chain coming to Denver.Tavern Downtown, a popular watering hole, opened a Platt Park location. http://bit.ly/1oGIzosHere's what famed pastry queen Mindy Segal did in DenverThey know how you feel.Because you aren't into fighting the crowdsThe beer is flowing like water and the TVs are always onThese are Denver's best Bloody Marys. http://bit.ly/1SYinDeIt will reopen by the end of April.Seafood restaurants are really taking off in DenverEat, drink, and be merry this weekendYou don't even have to leave your house to enjoy the Denver Restaurant WeekThings are getting very cheesy in DenverA vegan spot, Love Peace & Sol, is open in Park Hill. http://bit.ly/1KbZ3zdHere's a look inside the new stunning Arcana. http://bit.ly/1orwaVrA porky feast for the ages is upon usFollow along as Centro chef Dakota Coburn explores the intoxicating tastes of Mexico—from squash blossom-stuffed huaraches in Mexico City to Chiles en nogada in Puebla.Our May 2016 issue—including the insider's guide to Great Sand Dunes National Park—is on newsstands now.You simply cannot beat the tortillas from this small tortilleria in Aurora. Discover this gem and others with our guide to the Mile High's best specialty foods markets.Sports Authority is liquidating its assets in the face of impossible debt reorganization, leaving the name of Sports Authority Field at Mile High in question.The best part? Disc golfers have easy access to the brewery for refilling their glasses throughout the game.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Pediatric Dentistry.
Dr. Elizabeth Crespi and the devoted team at Sunrise Pediatric Dentistry provide high-quality dental services to infants, children, and young adults. “I strive for the best quality care, while simultaneously making the dental office a fun, inviting place where kids feel safe," Crespi says. Learn more at http://bit.ly/1Se53pg.
#5280Faces #dentist #pediatricdentist #smileA slice of their buttermilk pie proves RiNo Yacht Club is good for more than just a drink. http://www.5280.com/digital/2016/04/go-rino-yacht-club-forpieWe’ve reopened our Top of the Town readers’ choice voting in three categories! Tell us your picks here: http://vote.5280.com/tott.Find out how ice cream connoisseur Ian Clark makes the custard-based Mint-Basil Bitter Chocolate flavor at his new establishment Heifer and the Hen.The Mental Health Center of Denver partnered with Michael B. Hancock to break ground on a new safe, permanent housing project for the homeless, modeled after successful supportive housing projects across the U.S.

Read on about Colorado's mental illness crisis care: http://www.5280.com/mentalhealth/.Design professionals, enthusiasts, and landscapers! The winter edition of 5280 Home is also our first-ever Top Denver Design issue! Be the first to know when our editors are accepting submissions. Sign up here: http://ow.ly/1006Jh.For all your friends you've convinced to move here.From a crafty market brimming with nearly 100 local vendors to free Shakespeare performances, here are five can't-miss events in the metro area this week.Sponsored: Meet the Face of (Almost) Natural Beauty.
Stacey Folk MD has long been one of Denver's most highly regarded board-certified plastic surgeons. Voted one of 5280's Top Doctors for 13 years, she has received national recognition for her outstanding work in aesthetic surgery of the face, breasts, and body. http://bit.ly/1TbVNEn
#5280Faces #plasticsurgery #cosmeticsurgeryWondering what the difference is between these two dishes? Here, a crash course—plus our around-town picks, like Cart-Driver Denver's pesce crudo (pictured).Take a trip to the town of Durango, which is heavy on Old West charm yet has a rich cultural landscape of dining, craft beer, and outdoor reaction that any big city would envy.Five home and design tours to inspire you this spring, from our ancillary publication, 5280 Home. Like its Facebook page for the latest updates on decor, design, and real estate!Is construction in the Union Station neighborhood near completion? Not even close.Need a reason to get out of the kitchen? Dine out at any one of 250-plus participating restaurants and breweries for Dining Out For Life, of which we're a proud sponsor, on April 28, and 25 percent of your bill will be donated to Project Angel Heart http://bit.ly/1NkHIVRThis Denver author climbed out of $24,000 in debt in just 19 months—and wants to help you do the same.Coloradans love to work out—but is our fixation with hard-core exercise as healthy as we like to think it is? Inside the often unfortunate, sometimes weird, and occasionally gruesome drawbacks of fitness fanaticism:Peek into your cup—and your future—with an authentic coffee reading ceremony at this Berkeley art gallery.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Luxury Parking.
Park DIA is the closer, better, smarter, faster way to park when traveling from Denver International Airport. Experience the ParkDIA difference today, and enjoy FREE parking for a limited time. Download the app and learn more: http://bit.ly/1r4zR5f.
#5280Faces #parking #DIATwo Denver high school students took their invention to "Shark Tank"—and walked away with a $50,000 investment.Sponsored: Brazilian Waxing Boutique / Denver Location says, “Goodbye mascara, hello eyelash extensions!” Win your own eyelash extensions and other prizes from Brazilian Waxing Boutique! Click here to enter and for details: http://bit.ly/22O7Udv"This Aunt Is Not A Cockroach," which opens at Wesley Chapel in Boulder this weekend, combines theater and dance for a uniquely rewarding performance.Abejas in Golden suggests the dining revolution is marching beyond Denver’s city limits.April is #DonateLifeMonth. It takes all types to save lives. Giving blood and becoming a marrow donor are just two of the ways you can give life and support your community at Colorado’s community blood center. Join Bonfils Blood Center’s lifesaving cause at www.bonfils.org.For this season's warm days, build a wardrobe featuring decorative fabrics, bold prints, and statement making shoes and accessories.Four exciting ways to support various causes and communities this week.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Colorado Landscapes.
Celebrating its 40th anniversary, Lifescape Colorado is recognized as an industry leader and has earned a reputation for remarkable design, craftsman construction, and tailored maintenance programs for residential and commercial landscape projects. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1S1Wi4N
#5280Faces #lifescapes #landscapes #landscaping #architecture #constructionThe votes for our Pet Photo Contest have been tallied and the 10 pets with the most votes are...Looking for a new restaurant, recipe, or cocktail to try? Sign up for our Table Talk newsletter—delivered to your inbox every Tuesday—to find out about the best brews, bites, and more in the Denver area and beyondFollow along as Centro Latin Kitchen & Refreshment Palace chef Dakota Coburn writes for 5280 during a culinary journey through Mexico.We're proud to sponsor the Colorado Firefighter Calendar! Get your tickets to see heartthrob firefighters try out for the 2017 calendar: cfctryout2017.ezregister.com #itsforthekidsLocated next door to Blackbelly Market in East Boulder, this stand-alone butcher shop is both a continuation and expansion of its precursor.You can Taco Tuesday every week of the year with this sumptuous list of Denver's 52 best tacos.Did you know shoe designers have been steadily lowering their heel heights over the past few seasons? It's time for a high-heel detox—here are some suggestions to get you started.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Mountain Living.
Tom Everist, developer of Summit Sky Ranch, has been involved in Summit County through his six-generation family business since 1964. Now, this longtime businessman is developing Summit Sky Ranch on his family’s pristine parcel of Rocky Mountain wilderness in Silverthorne, just five minutes north of I-70.  http://bit.ly/1MAmmDV
#5280Faces #mountainliving #summitcounty #silverthorne #coloradoOops! We had some technical issues the first time around, so we'd like your input (again) for the Top of the Town readers' choice in three categories: Local Men's Boutique, Local Women's Boutique, and Music Venue That's Not Red Rocks. Follow the link, and tell us your picks: http://vote.5280.com/tott/Thanks to RTD's Art-n-Transit program, some stations along the University of Colorado A Line will incorporate public art—including a pair of sculptures by local artist Kelton Osborn.Sponsored: Kick off swimsuit season with Brazilian Waxing Boutique / Denver Location! Enter for your chance to win one of two spa treatments: six Brazilian waxes or a set of eyelash extensions. Enter here: http://bit.ly/22O7UdvThe University of Colorado A Line is officially open, with free rides today and tomorrow. Here's what you need to know about the latest addition to Denver's public transit.Did you know one plastic bag can shut down a recycling plant for hours? Take a peek inside a local facility and get other tips for not being "that" guy:Did you know one plastic bag can shut down a recycling plant for hours? Take a peek inside a local facility and get other tips for not being "that" guy:Watch two Denver high school students take their invention—the Drip Drop—to Shark Tank tomorrow night.Join us on Wednesday, May 11, at 11 a.m. for Luncheon by Design. On this unique occasion, Florence Müller will present a gorgeous visual tour of the relationship between the haute couture of Dior and the Impressionist movement. Throughout his career, Dior designed dresses that link this artistic style with common themes such as nature, light, color, and the notion of movement. Call 720-913-0044 to reserve your seat today!Sponsored: Meet the Face of Facial Plastic Surgery.
Smith Cosmetic Surgery Center has been rejuvenating faces for over 25 years. Denver’s premier facial plastic surgeon, Dr. Brent Smith, operates specifically on the face, providing exceptional expertise and natural results for his patients. Find out more http://bit.ly/1p7P43M.

#5280Faces #cosmeticsurgery #facialDenver's population is booming, and our Newcomer's Guide will help newbies fit in faster than you can say craft beer.Lost & Found Productions is crafting a schedule that Denver has never seen before. They start by dusting off old works and bringing them back to the stage, and they take an extra step by twisting up the casting—like when they cast all the male roles as females in "Taming of the Shrew." See what's next for these rule-breakers:Break out the sunscreen and enjoy April 23, traditionally Colorado's warmest day of the month.Need a reason to get out of the kitchen? Dine out at any one of 250-plus participating restaurants and breweries for Dining Out For Life on April 28, and 25 percent of your bill will be donated to Project Angel Heart http://ow.ly/4mKlseLeave the car at home and take the new RTD A line to RiNo for this weekend's Denver Flea.This isn't your typical slice house.Five ideas from local experts to mix up your stale planting routine—and get better results.One of the few spots in the nation with license to operate a dairy plant, Denver's newest frozen creations might just make their way into your happy hour routine this summer.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Our Future.
Through its Youth Career Development Program, Goodwill Industries of Denver supports thousands of local students each year. Goodwill staff in 36 Colorado schools help at-risk youth focus on their future through career exploration, higher-education planning, and connecting with adult mentors. Learn more about how Goodwill is helping the community. http://bit.ly/1TYMEkP
#5280Faces #goodwill #FacesofGoodwill #nonprofit #youthcommunityDue to a glitch in our web form, we’ve reopened the Top of the Town readers’ choice ballot for three categories. So tell us: What’s the best men’s boutique, women’s boutique, and music venue (besides Red Rocks, of course) in town?There’s never been a better day to have the munchies. Here, our inaugural list of Denver’s (52!) Best Tacos.In case you're looking to imbibe today.How a Boulder couple built one of the marijuana industry's go-to consultancies.Starting a business in Colorado takes more than ideas and investors—it also takes a community. Check out these Denver-area coworking spaces if you're trying to startup.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Personalized Maternity Care.
Baby+Co is a premier birthing center driven by a passion to expand women’s choices, one birth at a time. Find out if Baby+Co. can help you. 
http://bit.ly/22Dtxx3
#5280Faces #pregnancy #birth #babiesThe next generation is taking on the responsibility of "Leave No Trace" exploring. Two of Colorado's finest—Avid4 Adventure and Leave No Trace Center for Outdoor Ethics—are teaming up to take kids on an adventure that teaches them why you shouldn't leave crumbs for the squirrels and how to pack up a campsite like you were never there.Flights have moved beyond the confines of wine tasting. From ice cream to dry-cured ham, here are some of Denver’s most delicious interpretations.LIVE FB interview:
5280 Magazine's senior associate editor, Daliah Singer, sat down with CBS Denver's Britt Moreno for a LIVE Facebook chat about this month's Newcomer's Guide to Denver. Colorado transplants and natives alike can learn a thing or two about life in the Mile High City from this guide—find it in our April issue, on newsstands now.Where to enjoy the perfect potato pancake.Help us with the ruff task of selecting the cutest pet in Colorado. Vote daily for your favorite furry friend submitted to 5280’s Pet Photo Contest, sponsored by Wheat Ridge Animal Hospital, by April 24. 5280 staff will judge the winner from top 10 photos with the most votes.  http://vote.5280.com/pets  #5280win #petphotocontest #coloradopetsA brief look at the top five states Colorado newbies are moving from—and an educated guess on what’s going to irritate them most about life in the Mile High City.Are four missing U.S. military bombs buried somewhere beneath the earth in southwest Colorado?This week is filled with Earth Day events and other worthy causes.Sponsored: Meet the Face of 40 Years of Denver Jewelry Design. 
Forever making his mark on the jewelry design world, John Atencio continues to dazzle customers. Discover John Atencio’s wearable art, contemporary styling, and superb craftsmanship. Learn more at http://bit.ly/1XrHIUu. #5280Faces #customjewelry #jewelryStarting right about now.Like 5280 Home's Facebook page for daily design inspiration.The duo will turn the dormant John's Restaurant in Boulder into the ultimate community gathering space—and they need your help.We've found the solution to your "I might need this someday" clutter pile: Closetbox.Do you have the cutest pet in Colorado?  Last chance to enter your furry friend in 5280 Magazine’s Pet Photo Contest, sponsored by Wheat Ridge Animal Hospital, for a chance to be featured in the magazine and win awesome prizes. Voting begins tomorrow! http://bit.ly/1TMZr9KIf your are new to Denver, pick up the April issue for our newcomer's guide; a comprehensive list of everything you need to know about your new home. Pick up your copy, on newsstands now, to learn about everything from where to live to the best places to hike, bike, ski and camp.In case you missed it last year.If you haven't seen our "Denver Newcomer's Guide," available on newsstands now, prepare yourself for every morsel of information—from dining to real estate guides—you need on how to explore (and enjoy) our favorite Mile High City. Until then, here are some tips on how to stay healthy while making the transition.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Comprehensive Dentistry Under One Roof.
Cody Dental Group | Denver Family Dentists | Cosmetic & Implant Dentistry is a mature, relationship-based practice that has been fostered over generations and is now celebrating 70 years in business in Denver. It believes great dentistry is about smiling, enjoying good food, and advancing the health of your mouth for the improvement of your overall health. Learn more http://bit.ly/25STnBm. #5280Faces #dentist #smileWho says coloring books are just for kids?Need help planning the perfect evening with your sweetheart? Denver Date Nite will take care of it! Plus, we’ll give you four VIP tickets to Bonfils Blood Center's #GIVELive concert featuring Matt Nathanson. Enter now for your chance to win our Double Date Night package, or three other amazing packages from 5280’s Day in Denver Giveaway. http://bit.ly/1RPuMax #5280DayinDenver #5280win #doubledatenight #datenight #mattnathansonWhen entertainer Lannie Garrett landed in Denver in 1972, she'd never performed for a crowd. Now, she's headed for the Colorado Music Hall of Fame.Sponsored: Do you love 5280 Magazine and a good happy hour? We hope the answer is yes because on April 21, our readers are invited to an exclusive VIP happy hour at Colorado Athletic Club-Union Station. Reserve your spot today: http://ow.ly/10xxkfInvestigate the DIA conspiracy theories—and don't miss your flight. How to do DIA better:Sponsored: Meet the Face of Trial Lawyers.
The attorneys at Chalat Hatten Koupal & Banker PC have been proud trial lawyers for over 30 years, a breed apart from other legal professionals. Our trial attorneys represent people seriously injured in auto and truck accidents; ski and snowboard collisions; product liability; and professional malpractice. Find out how they can help you. http://bit.ly/1Ynpvrr #5280Faces #law #triallaw #lawyersOnly in Colorado...do people repeatedly steal a 420 mile marker. The history behind the 419.99 post on I-70:Calling all ladies! Meet Elizabeth Gilbert, author of “Eat, Pray, Love,” with two tickets to her lecture and Q&A, plus private VIP cocktail reception. Next, two-step your way to dinner with $100 to Solitaire Restaurant, with the dance lessons you picked up from Centennial Tours’ Wild West Cowboy adventure. This Girls’ Night Out package is just one more option you could win by entering 5280’s Day in Denver Giveaway. http://bit.ly/1RPuMax 
#5280DayinDenver #5280win #girlsnightoutThree ways to make your home feel as luxe as the Waldorf Astoria Park City.Sponsored: The Sill-Terhar Motors Kentucky Derby party is right around the corner! Please join us on May 7 at 2:30 p.m., for a great event benefiting The Morgan Adams Foundation and kids’ cancer research. Enjoy great food, live music, and prizes for best hat and best outfit. Tickets available at morganadamsfoundation.org/events.From an evening celebrating failure with Denver business owners to a concert by award-winning children's musician Laurie Berkner, here are five can't-miss events in the metro area this week.Whether you "partake" or not, Rosenberg's Bagels and Delicatessen should be on your 420 to-do list.How “purrfect” is your pet?  Enter 5280 Magazine’s Pet Photo Contest, sponsored by Wheat Ridge Animal Hospital, for a chance to win amazing prizes, such as five days of daycare from U Lucky Dog Daycare; a toy basket including GoDog Toys and Hear Doggy Toys; tickets to  PetAid Colorado’s Mutts & Models event; and much more!  http://bit.ly/1TMZr9KThe longtime breakfast joint offers consistently good food and service—without the wait.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Custom Jewelry.
Established in 1985, Art of Gold Jewelers is one of the original local owners in Colorado. Can Van Le prides himself on creating original designs and one-of-a-kind pieces. Learn more about The Art of Gold. http://bit.ly/1qGZ7hY . #5280Faces #customjewelry #jewelryThe rookie shortstop is already setting Major League records. But will he become the Colorado Rockies' next big star?Tiny homes are a big movement across the world—and Lyons' WeeCasa Tiny Homes' hotel is at the forefront.Experience a unique look into Denver’s rich past with Centennial Tours History & Whiskey Tour. Catch a glimpse into the segments of history that built our unique and now quickly growing city, and….you guessed it…whiskey! Lastly, you can finish the day off with $100 to  Little India Restaurant Champa Downtown. The Dude’s Day Out package is just one of four prizes you could win in 5280’s Day in Denver Giveaway.
#5280DayinDenver #5280win #historybuff #whiskey #bros #dudesdayoutSenior associate editor, Daliah Singer, was on FOX31 KDVR.com's Good Day Colorado with Brooke Wagner and Kirk Yuhnke talking all about our comprehensive newcomer's guide. From outdoor activities to amazing eats around town, we've got you covered! 
To view the segment visit 5280.com/promotions/inthenewsNearly nine months after announcing their Union Station project, Bobby Stuckey and Lachlan Mackinnon-Patterson have given the  restaurant a name.There's no need to wait for the snow to melt to conquer one of Colorado's magnificent 14ers, thanks to Colorado Bike and Ski Tour adventures.Sponsored: This spring, take part in lifesaving activities at the Bonfils Blood Center. Volunteers can donate blood, marrow, and make philanthropic gifts to prevent critical blood shortages.  Donors of all types are needed. Join us in celebrating the gift of life! bonfils.orgOur weekly Get Involved column highlights events put on by local do-good organizations like To Write Love On Her Arms., Children's Future International, Lifeisbetter, and more.Head to the taproom for the pilot brew now, or you'll have to wait until it's officially released in June.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Hearing Healthcare.
Five years ago, Sound Relief Hearing Center opened its doors offering specialized help to those living with tinnitus; ringing in the ears; and sound sensitivity called hyperacusis. Dr. Julie Prutsman and her team combine family tradition with cutting-edge technology to provide patients with the best solutions for tinnitus and hearing problems. Learn more at http://bit.ly/1VxIWyp. #5280Faces #tinnitus #hearingThis winery—located in the heart of downtown Denver—is serving 9-ounce "Big Girl" glasses fit for men and women.Enjoy the ultimate pub crawl. Start with happy hour drinks on the rooftop at Ale House at Amato's; move to dinner at Wynkoop Brewing Co.; and finish with an Oatmeal Stout for dessert at Breck On Blake. This Beer Lover's package is just one of four prizes you can win in our Day In Denver Giveaway.  Plus, put your pallet to the test with two tickets to Culinary Pairings BruFrou Craft Beer + Culinary event. Enter now: http://bit.ly/1RPuMax
#5280DayinDenver #5280win #beerloversAdrian Miller, Denver author of "Soul Food: The Surprising Story of an American Cuisine One Plate at a Time," joins me talk about the origins, the dark history, and the delight that is Southern cuisine.Originally a Chrysler showroom, the iconic "SportsCastle" building on Broadway will soon be up for rent when Sports Authority moves out. Should it receive a historic landmark designation?Start your day off right with a visit to this quirky new Ballpark cafe.FckUp Nights Denver's inaugural event happens this Thursday. Join to hear headliner and local chef Justin Cucci talk about how a fail during his tie-dye shirt-making days eventually led him back into the culinary world.New to Denver and want to explore? In celebration our of April Newcomer’s Guide, we are offering you the chance to win one of four ways to spend a day in Denver!  http://bit.ly/1RPuMax #5280DayinDenver #5280win #beerlovers #doubledatenight #girlsnightout #dudesdayoutThree helpful books written by Colorado moms in, you know, their free time.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Colorado Construction.
Shaw Construction doesn’t simply build buildings: It creates lasting partnerships to build places where people thrive. Trust. Value. Insight. Build On. Learn how Shaw Construction can help you at http://bit.ly/1REJXmY. #5280Faces #construction #build #residential #commercial #realestateYou’ve cat to be kitten me right meow: 5280 Magazine’s Pet Photo Contest is back!  Enter your pet now for a chance to featured in the June issue, plus win five days of daycare from  U Lucky Dog Daycare, a custom pet portrait from  Lulu Bella Art, and more.  May the best paws win! http://vote.5280.com/pets/It's like your favorite Leo film "Inception," but in the Mile High City. This story-within-a-story film—where a Denverite hires two directors to make a movie about him—is getting noticed nationally, including at Tribeca later this month.But according to a recent report, local rates are decreasing.Fitness equations to get you in shape for Colorado's favorite warm-weather excursions.We help you navigate the festival's lineup based on your preferred run at Vail Ski Resort.10 gluten-free desserts and pastries that make us say "yum".Our April issue, on newsstands now, covers tips for Denver newcomers, spring style, the dark side of fitness, and much more. Pick up your copy TODAY!We help you navigate this weekend's festival based on your preferred run at Vail Ski Resort.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Fine Tea. 
If you’ve never experienced genuine Eastern culture first hand, Ku Cha House of Tea is your destination. Tea aficionados will enjoy this extraordinary traditional Chinese tea shop that aims to bring a piece of China to the local community. Find out more at http://bit.ly/1oCQFhE #5280Faces #tea #herbaltea #chinesemedicineOur food editor, Amanda Faison, was on-air with Chris Mygatt and Ken Clark of Colorado's Best discussing dishes from The Cooper Lounge, Cherry Cricket and Work & Class; all featured in our April, newcomer's guide issue. http://ow.ly/10swXRFrom Telluride to Vail, 5280 Home has narrowed down the best high-country home goods shops. Like 5280 Home for great finds! Where do you find your Colorado treasures? http://ow.ly/ZrCr3When it's Opening Day, we drink.What's the toughest spot in the batting order? It's not what you'd expect.Fun fact: Peter Yarrow of ’60s folk group Peter, Paul & Mary has a house in Telluride—but that's not why he's coming to Colorado this Friday.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Beautiful Smiles.
Dr. Anil Idiculla of I-Orthodontics believes one of the greatest gifts you can receive is confidence that opens doors socially and professionally for the rest of your life. Dr. I can give you that confidence through a beautiful smile. Learn more about I-Orthodontics at http://bit.ly/1S322NK #5280Faces #orthodontics #smile #LiveLifeSmilingFrom Earth Day projects to free concerts, here are 10 ways to give your wallet a break (while having fun) this month.Sponsored: What's better than bacon, beer, and the Denver Broncos? Get tickets to the Bacon and Beer Classic at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on April 16! http://bit.ly/1PlxHTQThe fast-casual chain—which started in Denver— is piloting a new drink program at its Sixth and Broadway location that uses new recipes crafted with the help of sommelier Richard Betts.Fun fact: The Lumineers wrote their newest album (which will be released April 8) in a rental home in Wash Park.Regardless of what happens in the Frozen Four this week, the University of Denver's hockey team has already won big.This Westminster-based elementary and middle school combines sciences with arts to teach kids practical skills they can take to high school, college, and beyond.beast + bottle batched and bottled cocktails (plus house-made sodas and tonic) round out its new spring menu.Sponsored: Meet the Face of Plastic Surgery and Facial Aesthetics. Grossman Plastic Surgery and Facial Aesthetics Inc. is Denver’s most elite plastic surgery center and medical spa. This group of talented surgeons possess the innate education, trust, and wisdom that can only be acquired over time. Learn more at http://bit.ly/1RP3NbQ #5280FacesThis newly opened trail near Boulder connects grasslands to forested foothills.Your bicycle is about to be an even greener mode of transportation with the help of Container Collective BIKES.After two mass shootings making national headlines last year, take a look inside a Colorado town—originally known for its evangelical fervor—and see how it's piecing itself back together again.Denver's first "Community Listening Session"—this forum for District 1—takes place tomorrow evening. Find out more about this new and important civic series:Colorado’s House Majority Leader was recently awarded the Gabrielle Giffords Rising Star Award for her work in local government.But we still aren't serving our schoolchildren as well as we should.The anatomy of a $13 cocktail.Curtis Park Delicatessen starts with 100 loaves of ciabatta every morning—and when they're gone, they're gone.In the process of a spring refresh? Try one of these hacks, courtesy of Havenly, to solve these common interior design dilemmas.Don’t leave without buying the nontraditional but excellent chile verde-cheddar cheese ravioli from Valente's Deli Bakery & Italian Market. Ready for more than 20 other food lovers' shopping tips?On its sixth album, released this month, Elephant Revival conjures a strange sense of hope.Who needs a UFO when you have Android Jones?Seriously: April is the perfect time to launch in Denver.ESPN’s highlight reel is about to get real nerdy.The best happenings in Denver's music scene this month:“This is what a hero could look like.” Read about the art
installation created by local teens for Child Abuse Awareness Month:Spoiler alert: River North Brewery is not in RiNo anymore.Want to try a new restaurant this month? or every month? That's why we launched The Highlight Reel, an update on Denver's tastiest news. But the newest culinary openings are just half the fun...Keep reading to see which of our favorite chefs and coffee connoisseurs are launching second locations, and when you can add them to your list of places to try.Sponsored: Join us for the Denver Public Schools Foundation 2016 Achieve Gala on Thursday, April 21. Enjoy an evening of dinner, drinks, entertainment, and inspiring stories of students’ success. It’s a night to celebrate Denver’s students and schools! dpsfoundation.org/achieveThe countdown to our first-ever list of Denver's best tacos has officially begun.RiNo gets an ambitious new eatery, bakery, market, and community gathering place—all in one.What could be a better welcome to Denver gift than The Newcomer’s Guide to Denver edition of 5280 magazine? Pick up the April issue, on newsstands now, and learn all about life in the Mile High City.Ostensibly the world’s largest one-man project, this quirky stronghold southwest of Pueblo is a testament to what one person can accomplish by steadfastly pursuing a dream.From Bruce Springsteen to an ’80s-themed food truck party, here are four can't-miss events in the Mile High City this week.It’s no secret that Coloradans love our beer and our fitness. In “High Spirits,” 5280’s Spencer Campbell divulges the effects alcohol has on our bodies, including the anatomy of a hangover, the effects of booze on our brains, and so much more. Pick up your copy of 5280 Health, on newsstands now.How do you prepare to appear in a zombie TV show? Contract MRSA, of course.Sponsored: The Christy Sports Patio Furniture Clearance Sale Event runs April 1 to 24!
Save 20% to 50% percent off patio furniture sets and accessories at Denver’s largest patio furniture showroom. Whether you are looking for dining sets, deep seating, umbrellas, cushions, sectionals, or fire pits, it will all be on sale. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1RqN0PuIt's been nearly 17 years since Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris killed 13 people and injured more than 20 others at Columbine High School before taking their own lives. Dylan's mother, Sue, has spent the intervening years attempting to understand what signs she missed with Dylan—and what lessons she can pass on to prevent similar tragedies. "The list of things I would have done differently if I had known more is long. Those are my failures," she writes in "A Mother's Reckoning: Living in the Aftermath of Tragedy," a heartrending journey into her grief and a candid reflection on the childhood and teenage years of a boy who grew up to be a school shooter.Local tech startup Havenly solves your interior design dilemmas this spring—at a bargain rate.The Denver parking magistrate’s office can reduce or even dismiss your traffic fine. But first you’ve got to make your case.Colorado Springs is the home of TABOR, Amendment 2, New Life Church, and Focus on the Family—but it was two mass shootings in less than a month that landed the city in international headlines last year. A look at one of the most misunderstood towns in America:Prepare to feast.Two local businesswomen share their advice for women who want to start up in Denver.Win a $1,000 gift card to LoLo Rugs and Gifts! Simply snap a photo of your favorite room, share it on Instagram, tag @5280spotlight, AND use #5280homegiveaway to be entered to win. http://ow.ly/ZGaNRSteuben's Arvada is open for business.Despite local and nationwide protests, a $15 minimum wage is still just a dream for local low-wage workers.Coloradans love to work out. But is our hard-core exercise as healthy as we think?"Good news, runners: Your new coach has arrived—but it's not human," writes Joe Lindsey in the latest 5280 Health magazine. Learn more about Boulder-based Stryd and its newest athletic device by picking up your copy of 5280 Health, on newsstands now.EDGE Restaurant & Bar in the Four Seasons Hotel Denver has an appetizer that will make you feel like a culinary genius.We've got tips from Denver pros on divorce-proofing your home renovation. What's your advice for would-be remodelers?A decade after "Eat Pray Love" was published, Elizabeth Gilbert's impactful memoir spawns a new book. And she's coming to Denver to talk about it.Wish you were here? Follow 5280 Spotlight on Instagram and tag a friend you’d take to the Denver Nuggets vs. Sacramento Kings game Saturday. You could win third-row tickets! Click link for more details.
http://ow.ly/1004fJOn Wednesdays and Saturdays, chef-owner Dakota Soifer will set up shop at the Boulder Farmers' Market.Freshen your your makeup and skincare collection with these must-have products from Denver's apothecaries.A peek into the eclectic life of Five Points comic book artist, Charlie La Greca.Follow 5280 Spotlight on Instagram and tag a friend for a chance to win VIP tickets to the Denver Nuggets this Saturday. You could see Danilo Gallinari, Kenneth Faried, and Nikola Jokić from the third row! Click on the link for more contest details. 
http://ow.ly/1004fJJava lovers, rejoice! Pick up the brand-new Fika Passport and enjoy two-for-one deals at 24 local cafés and coffee shops.Littleton's Ross Marquand talks about killing zombies with a license plate on AMC's hit show.Servicios de la Raza executive director Rudy Gonzales is being recognized as a Champion of Change for the Affordable Care Act.Recent roster moves from the Colorado Rapids show that the team's owners are trying to turn things around. But is it enough?If confirmed, Donna Lynne would bring a long record of health care expertise and public service to the office.Revive your living space this spring. Enter for a chance to win a $1,000 gift card to LoLo Rugs and Gifts by sharing a photo of your favorite room on Instagram, now through April 1. http://ow.ly/ZGaNRSponsored: Have you entered to win a weekend in an Audi? Enter here for your chance to hit the road in style from Prestige Imports.  http://bit.ly/22wj3Vi
#audiaroundtown #audidatenight #denver #5280winThe Dairy Arts Center and the Boulder Museum of Contemporary Art are unveiling their recent improvements alongside new exhibitions.Museo De Las Americas' latest exhibit starts with a barbed-wire, chain-link fence that slams behind you.Come for the beer, stay for the fried chicken.Get to know the creator behind the only Colorado spirit maker crafting aquavit—a Scandanavian liquor similar to gin—from scratch.If you're looking for lunch plans today, head to Olde Town Arvada to grab a burger from the Steuben's food truck. Proceeds benefit School House Kitchen & Libations employees, who have been out of work since the restaurant suffered a kitchen fire in February.Your Easter brunch menu, complete with recipes.Denver's airport isn't as bad as you think it is—in fact, we offer a variety of tips for how to learn to enjoy the journey.The 2016 edition of 5280 Health contains our annual Top Doctors list, a great resource covering 315 doctors in 95 medical specialties as voted by Denver-area physicians. Get your copy today, on newsstands now.Looking for a respite from the hustle and bustle? Try these unusual getaways—religious affiliation not required.The nOCD app acts as a guide between therapy sessions.Did you know Disneyland's Main Street USA is modeled after Fort Collins' Old Town? Enjoy all the mid-size college town has to offer with this guide:Looking for a way to warm up today? Find comforting South Indian curries at Biju's Little Curry House in RiNo."When the taproom is packed full of people enjoying the beer that I make, I totally swell with pride. Those people are all there because they love beer, and they’re drinking beer that I made. It’s an incredible feeling."
—Matt Hughes, co-owner and brewer at Goldspot Brewing Company

Denver brewers share the greatest challenges, rewards, and surprises in opening a new brewery. Meet them face-to-face, and sample their goods, at tomorrow night's Two Parts' "New Kids On The Block" event at the Lobby in RiNo.Tis the season of winter sales—aka the perfect time to shop for new ski boots. How to find the best boots for you, plus tips for keeping your feet healthy through the end of ski season.Get out your rulers. This is why some Denver neighborhoods get more snow than others.Sponsored: Cruise around town in style!  We’re teaming up with Prestige Imports to give one lucky winner the chance to spend a weekend in an Audi. Bonus: You’ll also get $150 to Nocturne Jazz and Supper Club. Enter now: http://bit.ly/22wj3Vi
#audiaroundtown #audidatenight #denver #5280winMarch in Denver does NOT mess around. 
—Photo by Sarah BoyumThis classic slickrock hike in Colorado National Monument offers a perfect Spring Break escape.Looking for a cool cocktail lounge, brunch, a hot spot, or, really, just about anything in Denver’s booming dining scene? We’ve got it right here, right now.Renovations can be hard on couples; just ask the Denver pros we talked to for this story on divorce-proofing your home renovation. Have you been through a remodel? What would you tell a family considering a reno? Share your story or top tips in the comments below, and we'll pick our favorites to feature on 5280.com later this spring.At 5280, we pride ourselves on covering all things Colorado, including the health of the state. Our most recent issue of 5280 Health covers everything from personalized medicine to a beer-focused (yep!) guide to your health. Pick up your copy on newsstands now!A new fast-casual restaurant opened in Littleton today.A rundown of the Denver Broncos' current quarterback options.Colorado has its own unique brand of prestige. What did we miss?Dana Rodriguez, who grew up in a violent part of Mexico, has earned her place among the most buzzed-about chefs in Denver. What's next for the restaurateur?Sponsored: Love skiing? Hate cancer? Get to Pink Vail on April 2. Live music, deck parties, costume contests, and spring skiing to benefit cancer patients at Shaw Regional Cancer Center. pinkvail.comLearn the geological story behind all those steaming hot springs in the Arkansas Valley.A week in Arizona might be the best escape Colorado baseball fans have in March.Have you gone through a home renovation like editorial director Geoff Van Dyke's—and lived to tell the tale? What advice do you have for would-be remodelers? Share your story or top tips in the comments below, and we'll pick our favorites to feature on 5280.com later this spring.Curious Theatre Company's latest play is part one of a trilogy by New York playwright Quiara Alegría Hudes.EatWith—the Airbnb of dinner parties—debuts in Denver this month.Photo by Lucy BeaugardThis Boulder company has teamed up with South American farms to make Cholaca: a chocolatey, caffeine-free drink that gives you that coffee zing.In honor of Twitter's 10th birthday, we recognize the 10 local tweeters you need to be following.Calling all Denverites! We want to know: Where do you go for Denver's best tacos? What, in your opinion, is the city's best taqueria? What one taco will you drive across town for? Let us know in the comments below or send an email to digital@5280.com.The entire "Where To Eat Now" article is now live on 5280.com! Discover Denver's hottest spots for breakfast, lunch, dinner, cocktails, and much more.Indulge your sweet tooth—sans gluten—at these 10 metro area bakeries and eateries.Don't miss these one-of-a-kind brews at this year's sudsy event.Some culinary addresses in the Mile High City just can’t seem to hold down a tenant. Here, five of Denver’s unluckiest restaurant locations.A proposed initiative would put local control on the ballot in November.Since the adults in politics aren't doing a very good job of it.Attention, Denver: Stop what you’re doing and vote in the 2016 Top of the Town Readers’ Choice! Today is the LAST day to vote for your favorite local restaurants, services, shopping, and more. Visit vote.5280.com/tott and let your voice be heard.Colorado Ski Country USA reports that resorts are seeing a "mid-season momentum" on the slopes. With varying temperatures and recent spring conditions, there are adjustments you can make to your ski boots for increased comfort. Actually, we found there are a lot of pro tips to finding and maintaining the best boot: http://www.5280.com/digital/2016/03/tips-solving-ski-boot-woesThe 2015 Top of the Town Readers' Choice for landscaper was a tie between Weston Landscape & Design, Inc. and Lifescape Colorado. Spring is around the corner; let us know whom you trust to get your yard in top shape! Go to vote.5280.com/tott and vote for the 2016 Top of the Town Readers' Choice today!Park Hill resident and March Madness referee Verne Harris talks about what its like to man the court during the Big Dance.Local boutique owners share their favorite wardrobe staples (and how to style them) during Denver's notoriously erratic spring weather.Why the state GOP's proposed anti-LGBTQ bill would be a misguided and costly disaster.At Justin Brunson's new Lowry spot, the pastrami is house-made.Pizza by way of a portable butane stove and kitchen torches? Meet Kickstarter campaigner Party Pizza Chef.We've staked out three high-country options for a spring getaway. Now you just have to decide how you're getting up the mountain.5280's assistant editor Spencer Campbell sets the record straight on the truths and myths behind hangover cures. Pick up your copy of 5280 Health, on newsstands now.If you're looking to keep it local this Paddy's day.MCA Denver's new exhibit-meets-scholarship program invites local high school seniors to create something—without the fear of failure.You'll find a charming mix of dining, shopping, and history at this well-established suburban hub.5280 Home is expert at all things home—from remodels to fresh paint, you’ll find it all. Here is a peek; like 5280 Home for more! http://ow.ly/YWswHCelebrate St. Patrick's Day with one of these delicious variations of corned beef and cabbage in Denver.Bruce and Jolene VersteegDid you know this month is the 10th anniversary of Twitter? See what unfortunate tweets these Colorado politicians retracted from the Twitterverse:More than a decade ago, the federal government improperly leased portions of a pristine slice of Colorado known as the Thompson Divide. An inside look at the uncertain future of this precious landscape:The snow's back in the Mile High City. Think it'll be the last of the season?

Photo by Tyler Newcomb (IG: @eye.of.ty)Graduate to a Red Rocks pro this summer.Stare down a samurai or lip sync with a drag queen, here are some unusual things to do this weekend.These 11 shows are our top picks. What are yours?Sunshine, craft beer & bluegrass: Celebrate the start of summer the Colorado way with Sun Drenched Music Festival, May 14th at Denver Beer Co featuring  Hot Buttered Rum & and more. 
TICKETS ☀️ http://bit.ly/SDFestTix ☀️ 

#SPONSORED*Drools*Denver Flea might have been the hippest places to be in Denver last weekend. See what the cool kids wore.See what you missed.These designs will blow your mind.The city's premier comedy festival will host 70+ national and local acts. Here are this year's headliners (so far).It'll be Colorado's only sake.Fun fact: Colorado is home to the nation's largest paper fashion show.The draft is this Thursday and it'll determine the next generation of Broncos players. Here's what you need to know.How many have you seen?Would you try it?The 250 year old circus returns to Denver this week and more.Just read the pairing menu for BruFrou and try not to salivate.Need new music? Get a listen of who's coming to Denver this week.Are you ready?We think everyone can agree with number 8.Some of the caves are five stories tall!Read our Q&A with the celebrity comic before he performs in Denver tomorrow.It's now Boulder County’s only whole-animal butcher.You can explore over 100 buildings in Denver this weekend with free tours highlighting the architectural history of our city.It's the FLEAkin' weekend!It's made with bourbon peanut butter.Happy #EarthDay! It's a strange, mysterious place but we'll take it.See what you missed from yesterday's 4/20 performance.Here's what you need to know this week.From an artisan Austrian mill to a simple mesh strainer, these are the tools the food & booze industry pros can't live without.Goodnight, sweet Prince. #PurpleReignParty to the plane, explore Denver's architecture or head to Denver Flea—there's plenty to do this weekend!Happy #NationalParkWeek! Did you know all national park access is free now through this Sunday, April 24?Get off that dang phone!The celebrity comic comes to Denver this weekend.Cure that cottonmouthWake 'n bake, Denver! 4/20 is here.Mixing classic rock and jazz with heavy bass beats geared for dancing, SunSquabi has something unique to offer.Check out our Twitter to find out how to win tickets to the screening at the Mayan Theatre! —> http://bit.ly/303TweetsFluent in French, developer of his own shaving cream and an Air Force lieutenant —we might have found Denver's version of the Most Interesting Man in the World.Just because you don't smoke doesn't mean you can't enjoy 4/20.You know you're from Colorado when... You still attend the beer festival even though there's a blizzard outside.REVIEW - "It’s no surprise this London-based band has come to a swift rise in fame in the music world, they bridge together elements of folk, grunge, and indie in a laid back way, while constantly looking for ways to improve their musical satisfaction."You can RSVP for a free spot to see Broad City star,  Ilana Glazer in her soon-to-be stoner classic.Are you partaking this week?Forecast is calling for 80s and sunny this weekend. Plan accordingly.Snow might have pounded its way through Denver, but the beat went on at these record stores.These student designs are impressive.We'd rather be there 👇Lunch, anyone?There's a lot you probably didn't see.Maybe check out a show tonight!Did you know it's Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre 75th anniversary this year?What are you doing this weekend?The urban ballet company has a new show starting this weekend.Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre has prime people watching.It's made with with mushrooms, swiss cheese, truffle aïoli and comes with Parmesan-truffle potato chips.Haven't been to a burlesque show? Time to shimmy and shake your way over to one now.ICYMIWhat are you doing this weekend?#303MUSIC: The show even had a celebrity surprise guest.#303FASHION: The designs of these students will amaze you.Photo booth images from DFW Spring '16 presented by Schomp Automotive. 

To see more photos go to www.303magazine.com/photos

Photography by Kyle Cooper, Meg 'Oneill and Ryan Good.#303LIFE: “It’s kind of crazy that I’m so obsessed with hoppy beers and I landed a job not knowing what [Comrade’s] beer... Now I’m working at the brewery with the best IPAs in Colorado.”The bigger the hair...See what you missed!#303DFW: Androgynous style was prevalent at this year's DFW.#303EATS: You've probably never tried this before.#303LIFE: Are you ready for 4/20 next week, Denver?#303DFW: See what you missed from Non-Traditonal Model Night of Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive.#303FILM: From the makers of the cult hit, Dazed and Confused comes Everybody Wants Some Movie— a sequel set in the 1980s.Read our guide to the top shows to see at Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre this season by going here—> http://bit.ly/1N4RUlmYour guide to everything in Denver, Colorado: www.303magazine.com#303MUSIC: Ellie Goulding and other return to Denver this week.#303EATS: There will be unlimited pours from over 125 regional breweries.THANK YOU!!! It was another amazing season of Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive. A huge shout out to our massive production team of stylists, designers, models, hosts and volunteers. We are so madly and deeply in love with this crazy industry and we are so happy we get to share it with you all. Until next time,

- 303 Magazine 💋PROMO CODE: Don't miss the finale of Denver Fashion Weekend Spring '16 presented by Schomp Automotive. The famous Hair Show is sure to be a head turner. Use promo code 303local to get a 20 percent discount. We only have a few spots left so hurry! TICKETS ✧ http://bit.ly/1Wmcfoi ✧#303ART: "Kids tend to think of art as something you are good at or you aren’t, a passive activity rather than something to be engaged and passionate about. I love Epic because it gets kids to think that social change can happen by creating something.”#303LIFE: *Packs bags*Get your game face on because Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive Night Three is about to start. Follow us on Snapchat to see it happen live: Username: The303Magazine

Photo by 303 Photo Manager Kyle Cooper#303BEER: Pick one and go try it today!#303MUSIC: Machine Gun Kelly comes to Denver tonight.#303MUSIC: How many are you going to?#303BOOZE: Staying in tonight? Our resident wine enthusiast explains why you should check out Divino Wine & Spirits.#303LIFE: Plan accordingly.Happy #OpeningDay! The city is sure looking regal in all this purple! We are truly the Queen City of the Plains today. Now time to kick some Padres butt. #LetsGoRockies#303ART: This Denver gallery is fighting the problem of poor art programs in inner city schools—and they are winning.#303EATS: Headed to lunch? Check out Gozo // Kitchen, Wine, Cocktails.#303LIFE: Happy Opening Day!#303LIFE: Vacation, anyone?Backstage is hard at work on Night Two of Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive! See the the full story on our Snapchat (username: the303Magazine) 👻#303MUSIC: Missed Gary Clark Jr?  Here's what you need to know.Missed the big reveal of Denver Fashion Weekend Spring '16? Don't worry we have four more days of fashion, beauty and design. Get your tickets now: http://bit.ly/303DFW#303BEER: Happy National Beer Day!#303MUSIC: Your summer schedule should look a lot like this.#303EATS: Here's what you need to know this week.See who was named the best in our city for 2015-2016!Doors are open and the stage is set! DFW Spring '16 presented by Schomp Automotive is finally here.#303LIFE: Less than 48 hours stand between us and Opening Day.PROMO CODE: In celebration of 303 Magazine's 100K Facebook followers, we are offering a special discount code to our Facebook fans to attend the
Non-Traditional fashion show 
featuring plus size, petite, tattooed, over 40 models 
at Denver Fashion Week(end) presented by Schomp Automotive starting this evening. 
The show is TOMORROW, THURSDAY April 7 at 7 p.m. 

Use promo code: 303local to get 25 percent off#303MUSIC: Denver, did he make a Belieber out of you?#303DFW: Denver Fashion Weekend starts TODAY!#303ART: The future of Denver artists is crafted within this 100-year-old building.#303AWARDS: Iconic hairdresser, Tabatha Coffey talks tough love just a day before she is to accept her Lifetime Achievement Award here in Denver.#303MUSIC: Need some new music? Check out this local band, Meadow Mountain.#303MUSIC: 400 bands will play UMS this year.#303DFW: Get to know Denver's top design talent before they present this Thursday at DFW Spring '16.#303MUSIC: Yes, Justin Bieber is coming to town— but that's not all.SNEAK PEEK: We are super excited for the 303 Awards ceremony this Wednesday, April 6! RSVP now to support our local talent and to see who comes out on top -->> RSVP: www.303magazine.com/DFW#303MUSIC: X Ambassadors' sold out show rocked the The Ogden Theatre and we have proof.#303DFW: Denver Fashion Week(end) starts in just two days! Get some what to wear tips from our friends at RusticThread.#303EATS: You can see the stadium from Avanti F&B, a collective eatery's rooftop.Wake up, Denver! Did you know this week Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre celebrated its 75th anniversary this weekend? Local photographer Fill Your Eyes Photography celebrated by snapping this breathtaking moment at the famous venue. 

*Want to be featured? Tag us in your photos or use the hashtag #303Magazine for a chance to see your photo here.*Come celebrate the best in Colorado design and fashion with Denver Fashion Week(end), now five nights. RSVP: http://303magazine.com/DFW#303EATS: Get your food porn fix, with our picks for the best Denver food Instagrams of the month.#303MUSIC: One of his posters might be hanging on your wall right now.#303FILM: Don't have plans today? See one of these films.#303EATS: Believe the hype, Hop Alley is the real deal.The FREE event is tonight! Come watch Denver's very first fashion comedy with us.#303LIFE: Road trip anyone?#303MUSIC: See what you missed from Carrie Underwood's performance with our gallery.#303LIFE: Let's make it the best weekend ever, okay?

Photo by Colleen Kelly, PhotographerThe best in hair, makeup, fashion and design collide for Colorado's largest fashion show—now five nights. 

RSVP your spot for Denver Fashion Weekend Spring '16 presented by Schomp Automotive. Tickets start at $15 http://bit.ly/303DFW#303LIFE: Get ready, this weekend is going to be 70 and sunny. 

Photo by Colleen Kelly, Photographer#303EATS: The all-day restaurant, bakery, marketplace, bar and music venue has an ambitious mission.What an overwhelming response for the FREE DFW Spring '16 Kick-off Event and Red Pearl Movie Premier! We had to release 100 more FREE tickets, so please RSVP now if you are planning to attend tomorrow night-->>www.303magazine.com/DFWSNEAK PEEK: If you know Denver Fashion Week(end), then you know we get creative with the runway every year. For Spring '16 we're giving you an exclusive look of what's to come. Get hyped, because this is just the beginning! Make sure to RSVP now as the show has sold out six years in a row! www.303magazine.com/DFW#303EATS: Have you been yet?#303EATS: FoCo friends, check this out.#303ART: This local artist made posters for Phish, GRiZ, Duran Duran, Dave Matthews Band and more.#303LIFE:  *Denver, if it keeps snowing*⬇️#303MUSIC: Five decades of music making, and The Who still has it.#303LIFE: Doesn't hurt that resort access is crazy cheap right now, too.#303EATS: Their burger and fries happy hour deal is unbeatable.#303MUSIC: See what you missed from The Who's performance last night at the Pepsi Center.Get out your phone NOW and RSVP your ticket to Colorado's largest fashion show, Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive Spring '16 (April 6-11): http://bit.ly/303DFW#303BOOZE: The beautiful new coffee shop + cocktail bar is worth a stop.#303EATS: The cookie pairing is tonight!#303FILM: List includes where to see Alan Rickman's final film and many more.#303DFW: The line-up is here! Get your ticket now before it sells out ✴︎http://bit.ly/303DFW✴︎#303PHOTOS: Have you been to a concert or event lately? See if one of our photographers snapped you!#303MUSIC: See what you missed with our gallery of Hieroglyphics at Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom#303MUSIC: Excision's performance lit up 1st Bank Event Center this weekend. View our gallery and see for yourself.#303LIFE: Robots invade Denver this week.#303EATS: Also this week, a Girl Scout Cookies & Cider Pairing!We have 100,000 fans on Facebook! As an independent, locally-owned magazine this is a huge achievement for us. We truly appreciate your support and readership.#303MUSIC: The Boss is in town.#303LIFE: How many have you done?Try some of the city's best restaurants for free at Denver Fashion Weekend Spring '16. 

TICKETS ✴ http://bit.ly/1QFCtLw ✴#303DATING: The app connects you with other active Coloradans.#303BOOZE: Go get one right now!#303EATS: Have you tried this new Boulder restaurant yet?#303LIFE: What are you doing this weekend?#303LIFE: 5 places to cross country ski this spring.Go get your weekend, #Denver! It'll be gone before you know it.

Photo by 303's Romeo Fernandez.#303LIFE: No plans? No problem.#303EATS: Our food editor explains why you shouldn't sleep on Coohills Restaurant.#303LIFE: Get out there and explore this weekend!#303LIFE: With heavy snowfall and warm weather, it's the perfect time to give cross country skiing a go.#303EATS: 2-for-1 coffees!#303DATING: Transplants, singles, and transplant singles—this is a great way to get to know people in Colorado.#303DFW: 303's Denver Fashion Weekend will once again break down fashion norms with our Non-Traditional night featuring petite, tattooed, plus-size and mature models.#303MUSIC: Denver made the list of stops!#303EATS: Saffron rice fritters, short rib barbacoa tacos and  grapefruit rosemary fizzes— it's not a boring lunch.#303DFW: Did we mention Denver Fashion Weekend will have FREE food from some of Denver's best restaurants?

TICKETS ✴︎ http://bit.ly/1QFCtLw ✴︎#303ART: The pen is mightier than the sword at this highly talked about exhibit from Denver-based artist, Ravi Zupa.Denver as seen on March 23, 2016 at 5:33 p.m. We hope you stayed safe and enjoyed your snow day. With widespread school closures and DIA shutting down for the first time in almost a decade, this storm was one for the books. 

Photo by 303's Brittany Werges#303FEATURE: Have a moment? Dive into this two-part series.#303MUSIC: If you go to one jazz concert this month, make it this.#303BEER: Here's what you missed from this year's Collaboration Fest.#303LIFE: Because we know you're wonderingHappy snow day, Colorado! This is why we love you. 

Video courtesy of Vail ResortsWe hope you enjoyed the sun today, Denver. Tomorrow a winter storm is headed our way with some reports predicting up to 12 inches in the Denver metro area. Make sure to dress warm!

Photo by Doug Ruhl (IG: @twice.twice)#303MUSIC: The outspoken singer will give Denver a piece of her mind this week.#303FEATURE: Colorado is making its mark in space—but in an unexpected way.Get your ticket now to Colorado's largest fashion show, Denver Fashion Weekend presented by Schomp Automotive before it sells out. 
TICKETS: ✴︎wwww.303magazine.com/DFW✴︎#DFW is back and bigger than ever! Denver Fashion Weekend Spring '16 presented by Schomp Automotive will be FIVE NIGHTS (April 6- 11). RSVP your seat NOW: ✴wwww.303magazine.com/DFW✴#303LIFE: Expand your horizons and get to know a different side of Denver with one of these events this week.#303MUSIC: The rescheduled show officially has a date.#303LIFE: Happy Colorado Craft Beer Week!#303MUSIC: 5 shows you should see in Denver this week.Last chance to cast your vote! Polls close today at 5 p.m.#303EATS: The '80s themed beer festival will celebrate new Colorado breweries under two years old.#303FEATURE: Starting today, The Squeaky Bean will host year-round farm dinners.#303EATS: Happy first day of spring!Happy Spring, Colorado!

Photo by 303's Kiddest Metaferia.#303LIFE: Get a little bit of winter before it's officially spring  tomorrow.#303LIFE: Pick one and go!#303LIFE: Nothing is more classic Denver than a snowy night spent inside one of these dive bars.#303EATS: Need somewhere new to check out? Try T|aco.#303FEATURE: This Denver restaurant is educating Colorado students and its impact is astrononmical—literally.#303LIFE: Don't let the snow slow you down this weekend.#303LIFE: A $12 bus ticket could save you a whole lot more than money.Denver's Union Station is glowing green through the snow on this chilly St. Patrick's Day. Maybe the luck of the Irish will give us a snow day tomorrow... #wishfulthinking 

Photo by 303's Kyle Cooper#303EATS: Here's what you need to know this week.#303STYLE: Denver's Kitty Crimson gives us a glimpse into the secret world of burlesque fashion.#303STYLE: Spring clean your closet (and make some money while doing it).UPDATE: We've extended the voting deadline until Monday, March 21st.The week is zipping by. You're half way to the weekend, Denver. #KeeptheMomentum #HappyHumpDay

Photo by Aaron Tuleja#303MUSIC: "His stature of weirdness was tangible."#303DFW: Join us for the premier of Red Pearl Movie. General admission is free!Voting closes in TWO days!#303EATS: You have no excuses to not drink whiskey this week.#303LIFE: One of their athletes climbed El Capitan in Yosemite National Park with just a single arm.#303MUSIC: Did you see Ty Segall at the Gothic Theatre? If so, you might be in our gallery.#303EATS: Happy Pi Day!#303EATS: Didn't get a Collaboration Fest ticket? Don't worry there's another option.#303MUSIC: See if your favorite act is coming to the Mile High City this week.#303LIFE: The Denver Botanic Gardens is calling your name this week.#303LIFE: Yes, there are cool things happening in Fort Collins.#303LIFE: We have a tattoo crush on your owner, Black Eye Coffee CapHill.#303LIFE: We're FLEAKing excited.#303STYLE: Happy #Sprinter, Denver!#303STYLE: Capitol Hill has a new boutique.#303LIFE: No plans this weekend? We got you.#COLORado.  

Photo by Jeffery Beal (IG:@_coolj23)#303LIFE: Are you going to tomorrow's St. Patrick's Day Parade?#303LIFE: Only in Colorado#303EATS: Headed to the mountains this weekend? Make a stop at The Canteen-Tap House And Tavern.#303LIFE: Too nice outside to sit at home this weekend.#303LIFE: Check out our new series, "Body of Work," that features a range of industry professionals and the stories behind their tattoos.#303MUSIC: Colorado's very own Leftover Salmon is about to kick-off an epic three-day celebration.#303LIFE: It's this weekend!#303EATS: Two words, dumpling flight.#303LIFE: According to a local#303EATS: Two openings, one expansion and an awesome dinner you don't want to miss.#303STYLE: The dream of the west is alive at Queen City General Store.Non-severe storms are beginning to fire up across the DFW area. These storms are moving into a very unstable environment and would quickly turn strong to severe. We'll be monitoring all storms closely this afternoon. #wfaaweather

READ MORE: http://on.wfaa.com/1rnQLMa
TRACK RADAR: wfaa.com/radarsDo you love the Disney almost as much as you love your fiancé? Florida's Disney World has announced that couples can now plan their wedding ceremonies inside the Magic Kingdom at the park's new East Plaza Garden.Storm near Fairfield moving NE at 40 mph. Quarter size hail and 60 mph winds possible. #wfaaweather

READ MORE: http://on.wfaa.com/1rnQLMaTornado Watch for portions of North Texas including the Metroplex until 10:00pm. Stay weather aware! #wfaaweather

READ MORE: http://on.wfaa.com/1rnQLMaTIMELINE FOR STORMS:
2 p.m. to 8 p.m.: North of Dallas-Fort Worth area
1 p.m. to 5 p.m.: West of Fort Worth
4 p.m. to 10 p.m.: East of DallasBREAKING: Tornado Watch for at least a portion of North Texas  until 10:00pm. 

MORE: wfaa.com/weather
RADARS: wfaa.com/radarsRadar update: Stronger storms moving NE across east TX. For us... some isolated storms, but nothing severe now. TRACK RADAR @ wfaa.com/radars #wfaaweatherDeputies found one toddler chained to the ground and another toddler tied to a door with a dog leash.Lance Mills, owner of LRM Kevlar, pulled a Jeep outside to let WFAA see if it could dent the finished product with two nickel-sized nuts.Severe weather potential update: As we get close to the afternoon and new data becomes available, the tornado potential has increased for NTX. We have seen that the necessary ingredients for tornadoes to form are there today. Stay weather alert, because the storms can form quickly and can turn severe. 

Severe Timing North of Metroplex...2pm-8pm. West of Ft Worth...1pm-5pm East of Dallas...4pm-10pm. #wfaaweather“Dan Jones was one of our great presidents,” said Texas A&M University System Chancellor John Sharp. “He had a vision for the future that was brilliant and courageous. We will make sure his plans become reality. We will miss him greatly.”Scattered storms return again on Monday and then sunny skies and dry the rest of next week. #wfaaweatherIn honor of World Wish Day we present the top 8 things you may not know about Make-A-Wish. We need your help to raise money for Make-A-Wish North Texas travel expenses here in North Texas. Not only is it a good cause, but the best part is that your money goes to help a local child realize their wish. Donate today from 4:00pm - 6:30pm by calling (972-988-8888) or go to wfaa.com/wishes to donate any time.

DONATE NOW: wfaa.com/wishesICYMI: We’ve seen a lot of North Texans affix cardboard, inflatables, blankets to defend against a potential hail storm. But does placing household items on your vehicle to protect it from hail actually work? We put some to the test!Doubting the Dallas Cowboys' first-round pick? Here's why it makes sense:It's World Wish Day! A wish is granted every 35 minutes across the nation and nearly 75% of wish experiences involve travel. Donations made today will be used to fund travel related expenses in our market.

Call 972-988-8888 from 4pm - 6:30pm to donate or go to wfaa.com/wishes to donate any time.The radar shows some showers north of DFW moving NE this morning. As you prepare for the possibility of severe weather this afternoon, remember that you can track the radar @ wfaa.com/radars #wfaaweatherThe day after news emerged that a young mother was thrown from a bridge to her death -- allegedly by her estranged husband -- domestic violence advocates were left shocked.On Thursday, Santa Clara County Sheriff's office identified the man as Edward Thomas Mackowiak. According to a police statement, Mackowiak shot himself in the head.Check out the latest update on this afternoon/evening thunderstorms timeline. Not everyone will see severe weather, but we need to stay weather aware in case any of these storms develop near your area. #wfaaweatherFormer Ole Miss Football offensive lineman Laremy Tunsil had one of most unusual first-round draft experiences ever, falling out of the top 10 picks after video surfaced of him wearing a gas mask and smoking a bong.ICYMI: Ron Corning channels his inner Ezekiel Elliott with the crop top look under his suit this morning on News 8 Daybreak! Who wore it better?

STORY: http://on.wfaa.com/1TzbEx0We expect another round of storms later today. Here is an update of when the rain/t-storms will be around. #wfaaweatherYouTube user Scott Thomas captured scenes of the mother on her knees as the ship's passengers helplessly looked on.What position should Dallas take with their next pick (which is the third pick of the second round)?Showers and t-storms are expected to develop later this afternoon. Here is the latest timeline on when you can expect the storms to arrive. Stay alert! #wfaaweather #IAMUP"We know that there was an immense amount not released [...] projects he did and scrapped," says Alan Light, author of Let’s Go Crazy: Prince and the Making of Purple Rain. "I think the biggest question is [... what] plans [were] made for how that material would be handled in a case like this. [...] Who is his musical executor?"Stay aware of the latest weather conditions later today. #IAMUP #wfaaweatherWFAA's Greg T. Johnson:

Here it is! "A New Kind of Courage" Episode 2 Teaser for all to enjoy. This one is gonna be a ride! Hold on and be inspired! Be sure to watch it on Saturday, May 7th at 6:30p on channel 8, WFAA-TV. Again thanks for all who helped and the inspirational athletes at ATF, Adaptive Training Foundation.David Vobora Blake Watson Brian Philip Aft Michael Kali Smith Carlos A Colon Jason Wheeler Michael Botsford Arnold Payne Joshua Stephen

https://www.facebook.com/greg.t.johnson?fref=tsTRAFFIC ALERT:    GRAND PRAIRIE -- I-20 is shut down in both directions between PGBT and S. Carrier Parkway due to a multi-vehicle accident involving an 18-wheeler.

The highway is expected to be shut down for most or all of the morning commute as police work to clear the scene.

STORY: http://on.wfaa.com/1NZFRRy

(Photo courtesy of Grand Prairie Police Department)Another day with the possibility of severe storms. There is an enhanced risk for parts of North Texas. Stay weather aware! More updates to come! #wfaaweather #IAMUPThe current and former coach of the Dallas Stars have quite a history, but they say a friendship formed when they coached together for Team Canada: "I learned a lot," Ruff said. "Learned, actually, at the end, to like him."Jeff Coolidge, a former manager for OST Inc., said at a news conference he was required to deny or underpay almost all of the roughly 1,000 Sandy claims he handled during the four months he worked as a flood manager supervising a team of case workers on the claims review task force.Would you want to check out a Cowboys away game in Las Vegas?Storms along the Red River continue moving NE. Quarter size hail possible with stronger storms. #IAMUP #wfaaweatherThe U.S. government that seeks to recover millions of dollars in sponsorship money the U.S. Postal Service paid to Armstrong's teams. Armstrong's motion for summary judgment filed Wednesday says the case against him is "long on speculation and hyperbole — but short on evidence and viable legal theories."There are plenty of sites recommended by guidebooks that fail to match expectations, so we asked travel bloggers to share their most overrated attractions (with suggestions on what to do instead). Share your tips on what to skip in places you've visited in the comments!Officers were unsure if three men were actually being held hostage or they had been called to a trap. Michael L. Funk escaped out the back door as the hostage-taker shot at him. Outside, he ducked for cover and pulled out a handgun he was permitted to carry. Funk turned and began to walk away when he was shot by officers 75 feet away without warning.Student Megan Mengelt thought it was a compassionate gesture when a University of Wisconsin-Madison assistant dean reached out after a driver who was drunk and texting killed Mengelt's mother. What the assistant dean failed to mention is that he was the one texting with that driver.The Texas Department of Criminal Justice told News 8 Thursday that Alex Leon Dickerson had just completed a five-year sentence on charges of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon and burglary of a habitation. He was arrested for murder just two days after his release.A man walked into a television station in Baltimore dressed in an outfit described as a "panda onesie" claiming to have an explosive strapped to his chest, a Baltimore police spokesperson said. Officers shot him when he would not remove his hands from his pockets, but he is expected to survive.And here come our nighttime storms moving swiftly to the north bringing brief heavy rain, small hail, and gusty winds.  There is room for strengthening, so keep an eye on the radar as they track north across the area.  www.wfaa.com/weather/myownradarJoel Swann has acceptance letters from Yale, Princeton, Harvard, Columbia, the University of Pennsylvania and Dartmouth College,  plus UC Berkeley and Stanford. If it were you, where would you go?News 8 has found a pattern of school districts “passing the trash,” a phrase used in the education community to describe how some of the worst teachers are passed along from school to school, town to town. Some of these teachers resign amid allegations of sexually abusing students. State law requires superintendents to notify the TEA immediately of these allegations if they lead to a resignation, but our investigation found sometimes schools fail to notify TEA in a timely matter, or even at all.DPD has been aggressively dispatching foot patrols in neighborhoods across the city, especially since the Department revealed an increase in murders and violent crime several weeks ago. Though some neighbors remain cautious about opening up to uniformed officers, others say the foot patrol’s presence is welcome.It took a Kaufman County jury just 20 minutes to find Charles Brownlow Jr. guilty Thursday morning. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for the Oct. 28, 2013 killing spree that claimed five lives, including Brownlow's aunt and mother.Love the pick or hate it, Ezekiel Elliot is your new running back, Cowboys fans!HAIL VS YOUR HOMEMADE CAR PROTECTORS: So how well do those homemade protectors we saw last storm work? We teamed up with a Grand Prairie ISD baseball team and TCU to put them to the test.News 8 Investigates: How predators stay in the classroom
FULL STORY: http://on.wfaa.com/1SxpukyLewisville ISD says it's made a bombshell discovery: It says some of the results on this year's high school STAAR English end-of-course exams were not accurate at all. Districts across Texas are unhappy with the test over accuracy and other issues.According to Kim Hinkle, co-founder of Journey to Dream, there are more than 400 homeless students in the Denton Independent School District between ages 13 and 18. A shelter opening this summer in Lewisville to help address the problem is a first of its kind in the county.It's a popular new look and could also protect your ride in severe weather.Pizza, pasta + more await at SprezzaLooks like you've got some work to doGet ready for Jasper's RichardsonMake your tortilla-wrapped dreams come trueBBQ, Tesar + more food newsGive the gift of naughty cream corn this Mother's DayOne cannot survive on burgers and barbecue aloneStart your morning with a few bites of food newsWelcome to Deep Ellum, Independent Bar & KitchenThat escalated quicklyIntroducing the Patio Heatmap, or the best places to sit outside while drinking in DallasAfter the bar, doughnutsThis week in restaurant reviewsMore food + more space for Serj BooksCoffee + booze = the dream teamAn exciting new hire at Proof + PantryThe O.G. of Dallas' burger scene is still a winnerPrepare yourself for fried chicken from a familiar favoriteTake Chandler Parsons to Nick & Sam'sSo many new chefs in Dallas these daysGet serious about your brunch gameEat cheaply, DallasAn out-of-towner takes on modern Texan at Stampede 66 by Stephan PylesPrepare yourself for falafel, shawarma + 22 toppings until 3 a.m.Italian cuisine and Texas collide at Taverna Rossa - SouthlakeBurger alert: Haystack Burgers & Barley is on the moveOpenings, closings + more intelAn excellent cocktail will make the rain seem a little betterThis week’s guide features seasonally-appropriate libations that are perfect for sipping on a patio while enjoying this glorious spring weather.Visit the birthplace of a meaty, cheesy, guacamole-spiked Bob Armstrong Dip — Matt's Rancho Martinez.More doughnuts for Dallas. Look for a new Top Pot this weekend.Can Top Knot come back from an undercooked chicken sandwich?Looking for Nutella doughnuts or whole pig roast? Check here first.A big bowl of pho from Bistro B sounds good right now.Take a look around SusieCakes Bakery before the opening in Preston Center.The location was open less than five monthsThe Whole Foods Market - Richardson will also feature a bar with beer and wine and a build-your-own taco area.Kitchen LTO at Trinity Groves' latest chef recruit dishes on his favorite restaurantsArmadillo Ale Works is aiming for a fall debutTake a peek inside Cultivar CoffeeEat your way around the world without leaving RichardsonIn the battle of tri-tip vs. brisket, everybody winsThis week in restaurant reviews: Top Knot, 18th & Vine Barbeque + moreCelebrate Songkran with delicious dishesUm, yes please.The hottest restaurants in Dallas RIGHT NOWPrepare yourself for Haymaker.More caffeine is always a good thingOpenings, moves + more food newsA fresh new update of Dallas' best spots.MAJOR chef shuffleCHICKEN AND RICE ALERTFrom totally authentic to funky fusion, Dallas' Korean food scene is killerJuuuust in case you need this tomorrowBIG opening newsWhere to drink this weekendAny time is a good time for sushiToday's dose of food news is extra boozyHawaii by way of ArlingtonOpening Day for the Texas Rangers is this Monday. Prepare yourself.Get serious about sandwichesReally?Sweets from SusieCakes Bakery ahoy.One man, two epic burgers.Spices from the Silk Road at Laili, now open at Dallas Farmers MarketImportant banh mi newsNo, you don't have to suck the headsPost-bar sustenanceBite-sized food newsDo you agree with the critics?John Tesar vs. the critics, round two.There's still time!Today's bites of food newsThrow on your Jncos and get ready to party.Scope out your new favorite brunch spot.